,title,summary,year_published,author,review_count,number_of_ratings,length,genre,rating,reviews
0,Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows,"Harry has been burdened with a dark, dangerous and seemingly impossible task: that of locating and destroying Voldemort's remaining Horcruxes. Never has Harry felt so alone, or faced a future so full of shadows. But Harry must somehow find within himself the strength to complete the task he has been given. He must leave the warmth, safety and companionship of The Burrow and follow without fear or hesitation the inexorable path laid out for him...In this final, seventh installment of the Harry Potter series, J.K. Rowling unveils in spectacular fashion the answers to the many questions that have been so eagerly awaited.",2007,J.K. Rowling,78722,3439304,759,Fantasy,4.62,[]
1,The Hunger Games,"Could you survive on your own in the wild, with every one out to make sure you don't live to see the morning?In the ruins of a place once known as North America lies the nation of Panem, a shining Capitol surrounded by twelve outlying districts. The Capitol is harsh and cruel and keeps the districts in line by forcing them all to send one boy and one girl between the ages of twelve and eighteen to participate in the annual Hunger Games, a fight to the death on live TV.Sixteen-year-old Katniss Everdeen, who lives alone with her mother and younger sister, regards it as a death sentence when she steps forward to take her sister's place in the Games. But Katniss has been close to dead before—and survival, for her, is second nature. Without really meaning to, she becomes a contender. But if she is to win, she will have to start making choices that weight survival against humanity and life against love.",2008,Suzanne Collins,192524,7881918,374,Young Adult,4.33,[]
2,The Kite Runner,"1970s Afghanistan: Twelve-year-old Amir is desperate to win the local kite-fighting tournament and his loyal friend Hassan promises to help him. But neither of the boys can foresee what would happen to Hassan that afternoon, an event that is to shatter their lives. After the Russians invade and the family is forced to flee to America, Amir realises that one day he must return to an Afghanistan under Taliban rule to find the one thing that his new world cannot grant him: redemption.",2003,Khaled Hosseini,90077,2930942,371,Fiction,4.33,[]
3,Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince,"It is the middle of the summer, but there is an unseasonal mist pressing against the windowpanes. Harry Potter is waiting nervously in his bedroom at the Dursleys' house in Privet Drive for a visit from Professor Dumbledore himself. One of the last times he saw the Headmaster was in a fierce one-to-one duel with Lord Voldemort, and Harry can't quite believe that Professor Dumbledore will actually appear at the Dursleys' of all places. Why is the Professor coming to visit him now? What is it that cannot wait until Harry returns to Hogwarts in a few weeks' time? Harry's sixth year at Hogwarts has already got off to an unusual start, as the worlds of Muggle and magic start to intertwine...",2005,J.K. Rowling,51338,3021534,652,Fantasy,4.58,[]
4,Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix,"Harry Potter is about to start his fifth year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Unlike most schoolboys, Harry never enjoys his summer holidays, but this summer is even worse than usual. The Dursleys, of course, are making his life a misery, but even his best friends, Ron and Hermione, seem to be neglecting him.Harry has had enough. He is beginning to think he must do something, anything, to change his situation, when the summer holidays come to an end in a very dramatic fashion. What Harry is about to discover in his new year at Hogwarts will turn his world upside down...",2003,J.K. Rowling,56236,3118884,912,Fantasy,4.50,[]
5,The Help,"Three ordinary women are about to take one extraordinary step.Twenty-two-year-old Skeeter has just returned home after graduating from Ole Miss. She may have a degree, but it is 1962, Mississippi, and her mother will not be happy till Skeeter has a ring on her finger. Skeeter would normally find solace with her beloved maid Constantine, the woman who raised her, but Constantine has disappeared and no one will tell Skeeter where she has gone.Aibileen is a black maid, a wise, regal woman raising her seventeenth white child. Something has shifted inside her after the loss of her own son, who died while his bosses looked the other way. She is devoted to the little girl she looks after, though she knows both their hearts may be broken.Minny, Aibileen's best friend, is short, fat, and perhaps the sassiest woman in Mississippi. She can cook like nobody's business, but she can't mind her tongue, so she's lost yet another job. Minny finally finds a position working for someone too new to town to know her reputation. But her new boss has secrets of her own.Seemingly as different from one another as can be, these women will nonetheless come together for a clandestine project that will put them all at risk. And why? Because they are suffocating within the lines that define their town and their times. And sometimes lines are made to be crossed.In pitch-perfect voices, Kathryn Stockett creates three extraordinary women whose determination to start a movement of their own forever changes a town, and the way women, mothers, daughters, caregivers, friends, view one another. A deeply moving novel filled with poignancy, humor, and hope, The Help is a timeless and universal story about the lines we abide by, and the ones we don't. Librarian's note: An alternate cover edition can be found here",2009,Kathryn Stockett,88233,2582447,464,Fiction,4.47,[]
6,A Thousand Splendid Suns,"Mariam is only fifteen when she is sent to Kabul to marry the troubled and bitter Rasheed, who is thirty years her senior. Nearly two decades later, in a climate of growing unrest, tragedy strikes fifteen-year-old Laila, who must leave her home and join Mariam's unhappy household. Laila and Mariam are to find consolation in each other, their friendship to grow as deep as the bond between sisters, as strong as the ties between mother and daughter. With the passing of time comes Taliban rule over Afghanistan, the streets of Kabul loud with the sound of gunfire and bombs, life a desperate struggle against starvation, brutality and fear, the women's endurance tested beyond their worst imaginings. Yet love can move people to act in unexpected ways, lead them to overcome the most daunting obstacles with a startling heroism. In the end it is love that triumphs over death and destruction.""A Thousand Splendid Suns"" is a portrait of a wounded country and a story of family and friendship, of an unforgiving time, an unlikely bond, and an indestructible love.",2007,Khaled Hosseini,69239,1414725,372,Fiction,4.42,[]
7,Life of Pi,"Life of Pi is a fantasy adventure novel by Yann Martel published in 2001. The protagonist, Piscine Molitor ""Pi"" Patel, a Tamil boy from Pondicherry, explores issues of spirituality and practicality from an early age. He survives 227 days after a shipwreck while stranded on a boat in the Pacific Ocean with a Bengal tiger named Richard Parker.",2001,Yann Martel,51216,1542858,460,Fiction,3.93,[]
8,Catching Fire,"Sparks are igniting.Flames are spreading.And the Capitol wants revenge. Against all odds, Katniss Everdeen has won the Hunger Games. She and fellow District 12 tribute Peeta Mellark are miraculously still alive. Katniss should be relieved, happy even. After all, she has returned to her family and her longtime friend, Gale. Yet nothing is the way Katniss wishes it to be. Gale holds her at an icy distance. Peeta has turned his back on her completely. And there are whispers of a rebellion against the Capitol—a rebellion that Katniss and Peeta may have helped create. Much to her shock, Katniss has fueled an unrest that she's afraid she cannot stop. And what scares her even more is that she's not entirely convinced she should try. As time draws near for Katniss and Peeta to visit the districts on the Capitol's cruel Victory Tour, the stakes are higher than ever. If they can't prove, without a shadow of a doubt, that they are lost in their love for each other, the consequences will be horrifying.In Catching Fire, the second novel of the Hunger Games trilogy, Suzanne Collins continues the story of Katniss Everdeen, testing her more than ever before . . . and surprising readers at every turn.",2009,Suzanne Collins,108015,3192723,391,Young Adult,4.31,[]
9,The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo,"Harriet Vanger, a scion of one of Sweden’s wealthiest families disappeared over forty years ago. All these years later, her aged uncle continues to seek the truth. He hires Mikael Blomkvist, a crusading journalist recently trapped by a libel conviction, to investigate. He is aided by the pierced and tattooed punk prodigy Lisbeth Salander. Together they tap into a vein of unfathomable iniquity and astonishing corruption.An international publishing sensation, Stieg Larsson’s The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo combines murder mystery, family saga, love story, and financial intrigue into one satisfyingly complex and entertainingly atmospheric novel.",2005,Stieg Larsson,74365,3014634,480,Fiction,4.16,[]
10,The Time Traveler's Wife,"This is the extraordinary love story of Clare and Henry, who met when Clare was six and Henry was thirty-six, and were married when Clare was twenty-two and Henry was thirty. Impossible but true, because Henry suffers from a rare condition where his genetic clock periodically resets and he finds himself pulled suddenly into his past or future. In the face of this force they can neither prevent nor control, Henry and Clare's struggle to lead normal lives is both intensely moving and entirely unforgettable.",2003,Audrey Niffenegger,51498,1729961,537,Fiction,3.99,[]
11,The Fault in Our Stars,"Despite the tumor-shrinking medical miracle that has bought her a few years, Hazel has never been anything but terminal, her final chapter inscribed upon diagnosis. But when a gorgeous plot twist named Augustus Waters suddenly appears at Cancer Kid Support Group, Hazel's story is about to be completely rewritten.Insightful, bold, irreverent, and raw, The Fault in Our Stars is award-winning author John Green's most ambitious and heartbreaking work yet, brilliantly exploring the funny, thrilling, and tragic business of being alive and in love.",2012,John Green,171932,4716590,313,Young Adult,4.15,[]
12,The Da Vinci Code,"ISBN 9780307277671 moved to this edition.While in Paris, Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon is awakened by a phone call in the dead of the night. The elderly curator of the Louvre has been murdered inside the museum, his body covered in baffling symbols. As Langdon and gifted French cryptologist Sophie Neveu sort through the bizarre riddles, they are stunned to discover a trail of clues hidden in the works of Leonardo da Vinci—clues visible for all to see and yet ingeniously disguised by the painter.Even more startling, the late curator was involved in the Priory of Sion—a secret society whose members included Sir Isaac Newton, Victor Hugo, and Da Vinci—and he guarded a breathtaking historical secret. Unless Langdon and Neveu can decipher the labyrinthine puzzle—while avoiding the faceless adversary who shadows their every move—the explosive, ancient truth will be lost forever.",2003,Dan Brown,52302,2235779,489,Fiction,3.90,[]
13,The Road,"A searing, postapocalyptic novel destined to become Cormac McCarthy’s masterpiece.A father and his son walk alone through burned America. Nothing moves in the ravaged landscape save the ash on the wind. It is cold enough to crack stones, and when the snow falls it is gray. The sky is dark. Their destination is the coast, although they don’t know what, if anything, awaits them there. They have nothing; just a pistol to defend themselves against the lawless bands that stalk the road, the clothes they are wearing, a cart of scavenged food—and each other.The Road is the profoundly moving story of a journey. It boldly imagines a future in which no hope remains, but in which the father and his son, “each the other’s world entire,” are sustained by love. Awesome in the totality of its vision, it is an unflinching meditation on the worst and the best that we are capable of: ultimate destructiveness, desperate tenacity, and the tenderness that keeps two people alive in the face of total devastation.",2006,Cormac McCarthy,53189,834054,241,Fiction,3.98,[]
14,The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time,"Christopher John Francis Boone knows all the countries of the world and their capitals and every prime number up to 7,057. He relates well to animals but has no understanding of human emotions. He cannot stand to be touched. And he detests the color yellow. This improbable story of Christopher’s quest to investigate the suspicious death of a neighborhood dog makes for one of the most captivating, unusual, and widely heralded novels in recent years.",2003,Mark Haddon,51960,1403410,226,Fiction,3.89,[]
15,Water for Elephants,"When Jacob Jankowski, recently orphaned and suddenly adrift, jumps onto a passing train, he enters a world of freaks, drifters, and misfits, a second-rate circus struggling to survive during the Great Depression, making one-night stands in town after endless town. A veterinary student who almost earned his degree, Jacob is put in charge of caring for the circus menagerie. It is there that he meets Marlena, the beautiful young star of the equestrian act, who is married to August, the charismatic but twisted animal trainer. He also meets Rosie, an elephant who seems untrainable until he discovers a way to reach her. Beautifully written, Water for Elephants is illuminated by a wonderful sense of time and place. It tells a story of a love between two people that overcomes incredible odds in a world in which even love is a luxury that few can afford.",2006,Sara Gruen,61201,1549959,368,Fiction,4.10,[]
16,Mockingjay,"My name is Katniss Everdeen.Why am I not dead?I should be dead.Katniss Everdeen, girl on fire, has survived, even though her home has been destroyed. Gale has escaped. Katniss's family is safe. Peeta has been captured by the Capitol. District 13 really does exist. There are rebels. There are new leaders. A revolution is unfolding.It is by design that Katniss was rescued from the arena in the cruel and haunting Quarter Quell, and it is by design that she has long been part of the revolution without knowing it. District 13 has come out of the shadows and is plotting to overthrow the Capitol. Everyone, it seems, has had a hand in the carefully laid plans—except Katniss.The success of the rebellion hinges on Katniss's willingness to be a pawn, to accept responsibility for countless lives, and to change the course of the future of Panem. To do this, she must put aside her feelings of anger and distrust. She must become the rebels' Mockingjay—no matter what the personal cost.",2010,Suzanne Collins,114311,2910746,398,Young Adult,4.07,[]
17,Middlesex,"Middlesex tells the breathtaking story of Calliope Stephanides, and three generations of the Greek-American Stephanides family, who travel from a tiny village overlooking Mount Olympus in Asia Minor to Prohibition-era Detroit, witnessing its glory days as the Motor City and the race riots of 1967 before moving out to the tree-lined streets of suburban Grosse Pointe, Michigan. To understand why Calliope is not like other girls, she has to uncover a guilty family secret, and the astonishing genetic history that turns Callie into Cal, one of the most audacious and wondrous narrators in contemporary fiction. Lyrical and thrilling, Middlesex is an exhilarating reinvention of the American epic.",2002,Jeffrey Eugenides,25115,623114,529,Fiction,4.02,[]
18,The Lovely Bones,"""My name was Salmon, like the fish; first name, Susie. I was fourteen when I was murdered on December 6, 1973.""So begins the story of Susie Salmon, who is adjusting to her new home in heaven, a place that is not at all what she expected, even as she is watching life on earth continue without her -- her friends trading rumors about her disappearance, her killer trying to cover his tracks, her grief-stricken family unraveling. Out of unspeakable tragedy and loss, The Lovely Bones succeeds, miraculously, in building a tale filled with hope, humor, suspense, even joy.",2002,Alice Sebold,44433,2257926,372,Fiction,3.84,[]
19,The Lightning Thief,"Alternate cover for this ISBN can be found herePercy Jackson is a good kid, but he can't seem to focus on his schoolwork or control his temper. And lately, being away at boarding school is only getting worse - Percy could have sworn his pre-algebra teacher turned into a monster and tried to kill him. When Percy's mom finds out, she knows it's time that he knew the truth about where he came from, and that he go to the one place he'll be safe. She sends Percy to Camp Half Blood, a summer camp for demigods (on Long Island), where he learns that the father he never knew is Poseidon, God of the Sea. Soon a mystery unfolds and together with his friends—one a satyr and the other the demigod daughter of Athena - Percy sets out on a quest across the United States to reach the gates of the Underworld (located in a recording studio in Hollywood) and prevent a catastrophic war between the gods.",2005,Rick Riordan,83776,2664652,377,Fantasy,4.29,[]
20,Divergent,"In Beatrice Prior's dystopian Chicago world, society is divided into five factions, each dedicated to the cultivation of a particular virtue—Candor (the honest), Abnegation (the selfless), Dauntless (the brave), Amity (the peaceful), and Erudite (the intelligent). On an appointed day of every year, all sixteen-year-olds must select the faction to which they will devote the rest of their lives. For Beatrice, the decision is between staying with her family and being who she really is—she can't have both. So she makes a choice that surprises everyone, including herself.During the highly competitive initiation that follows, Beatrice renames herself Tris and struggles alongside her fellow initiates to live out the choice they have made. Together they must undergo extreme physical tests of endurance and intense psychological simulations, some with devastating consequences. As initiation transforms them all, Tris must determine who her friends really are—and where, exactly, a romance with a sometimes fascinating, sometimes exasperating boy fits into the life she's chosen. But Tris also has a secret, one she's kept hidden from everyone because she's been warned it can mean death. And as she discovers unrest and growing conflict that threaten to unravel her seemingly perfect society, she also learns that her secret might help her save those she loves . . . or it might destroy her.",2011,Veronica Roth,116283,3675007,487,Young Adult,4.15,[]
21,Twilight,"About three things I was absolutely positive.First, Edward was a vampire.Second, there was a part of him—and I didn't know how dominant that part might be—that thirsted for my blood.And third, I was unconditionally and irrevocably in love with him.Deeply seductive and extraordinarily suspenseful, Twilight is a love story with bite.",2005,Stephenie Meyer,121127,6112064,498,Fantasy,3.64,[]
22,Atonement,"Ian McEwan’s symphonic novel of love and war, childhood and class, guilt and forgiveness provides all the satisfaction of a brilliant narrative and the provocation we have come to expect from this master of English prose.On a hot summer day in 1935, thirteen-year-old Briony Tallis witnesses the flirtation between her older sister, Cecilia, and Robbie Turner, the son of a servant. But Briony’s incomplete grasp of adult motives and her precocious imagination bring about a crime that will change all their lives, a crime whose repercussions Atonement follows through the chaos and carnage of World War II and into the close of the twentieth century.",2001,Ian McEwan,20550,495162,351,Fiction,3.93,[]
23,American Gods,"Days before his release from prison, Shadow's wife, Laura, dies in a mysterious car crash. Numbly, he makes his way back home. On the plane, he encounters the enigmatic Mr Wednesday, who claims to be a refugee from a distant war, a former god and the king of America. Together they embark on a profoundly strange journey across the heart of the USA, whilst all around them a storm of preternatural and epic proportions threatens to break.Scary, gripping and deeply unsettling, American Gods takes a long, hard look into the soul of America. You'll be surprised by what - and who - it finds there...",2001,Neil Gaiman,44265,876810,635,Fantasy,4.11,[]
24,The Shadow of the Wind,"Barcelona, 1945: A city slowly heals from its war wounds, and Daniel, an antiquarian book dealer's son who mourns the loss of his mother, finds solace in a mysterious book entitled The Shadow of the Wind, by one Julian Carax. But when he sets out to find the author's other works, he makes a shocking discovery: someone has been systematically destroying every copy of every book Carax has written. In fact, Daniel may have the last of Carax's books in existence. Soon Daniel's seemingly innocent quest opens a door into one of Barcelona's darkest secrets--an epic story of murder, madness, and doomed love.--back cover",2001,Carlos Ruiz Zafón,46500,583826,487,Fiction,4.29,[]
25,City of Bones,"When fifteen-year-old Clary Fray heads out to the Pandemonium Club in New York City, she hardly expects to witness a murder― much less a murder committed by three teenagers covered with strange tattoos and brandishing bizarre weapons. Then the body disappears into thin air. It's hard to call the police when the murderers are invisible to everyone else and when there is nothing―not even a smear of blood―to show that a boy has died. Or was he a boy?This is Clary's first meeting with the Shadowhunters, warriors dedicated to ridding the earth of demons. It's also her first encounter with Jace, a Shadowhunter who looks a little like an angel and acts a lot like a jerk. Within twenty-four hours Clary is pulled into Jace's world with a vengeance when her mother disappears and Clary herself is attacked by a demon. But why would demons be interested in ordinary mundanes like Clary and her mother? And how did Clary suddenly get the Sight? The Shadowhunters would like to know...",2007,Cassandra Clare,71688,1904009,485,Fantasy,4.08,[]
26,The Glass Castle,"THE #1 NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLERThe Glass Castle is a remarkable memoir of resilience and redemption, and a revelatory look into a family at once deeply dysfunctional and uniquely vibrant. When sober, Jeannette's brilliant and charismatic father captured his children's imagination, teaching them physics, geology, and how to embrace life fearlessly. But when he drank, he was dishonest and destructive. Her mother was a free spirit who abhorred the idea of domesticity and didn't want the responsibility of raising a family. The Walls children learned to take care of themselves. They fed, clothed, and protected one another, and eventually found their way to New York. Their parents followed them, choosing to be homeless even as their children prospered.The Glass Castle is truly astonishing--a memoir permeated by the intense love of a peculiar but loyal family.",2005,Jeannette Walls,58329,1108446,288,Nonfiction,4.30,[]
27,The Secret Life of Bees,"Set in South Carolina in 1964, The Secret Life of Bees tells the story of Lily Owens, whose life has been shaped around the blurred memory of the afternoon her mother was killed. When Lily's fierce-hearted black ""stand-in mother,"" Rosaleen, insults three of the deepest racists in town, Lily decides to spring them both free. They escape to Tiburon, South Carolina--a town that holds the secret to her mother's past. Taken in by an eccentric trio of black beekeeping sisters, Lily is introduced to their mesmerizing world of bees and honey, and the Black Madonna. This is a remarkable novel about divine female power, a story women will share and pass on to their daughters for years to come.",2001,Sue Monk Kidd,33862,1242263,302,Fiction,4.08,[]
28,Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close,"In a vase in a closet, a couple of years after his father died in 9/11, nine-year-old Oskar discovers a key...The key belonged to his father, he's sure of that. But which of New York's 162 million locks does it open?So begins a quest that takes Oskar - inventor, letter-writer and amateur detective - across New York's five boroughs and into the jumbled lives of friends, relatives, and complete strangers. he gets heavy boots, he gives himself little bruises and he inches ever nearer to the heart of a family mystery that stretches back fifty years. But will it take him any closer to, or further from, his lost father?",2005,Jonathan Safran Foer,24936,409864,326,Fiction,3.97,[]
29,My Sister's Keeper,"New York Times best-selling author Jodi Picoult is widely acclaimed for her keen insights into the hearts and minds of real people. Now she tells the emotionally riveting story of a family torn apart by conflicting needs and a passionate love that triumphs over human weakness. Anna is not sick, but she might as well be. By age 13 she has undergone countless surgeries, transfusions, and shots so that her older sister, Kate, can somehow fight the leukemia that has plagued her since childhood. The product of preimplantation genetic diagnosis, Anna was conceived as a bone marrow match for Kate—a life and a role that she has never challenged ... until now. Like most teenagers, Anna is beginning to question who she truly is. But unlike most teenagers, she has always been defined in terms of her sister—and so Anna makes a decision that for most would be unthinkable, a decision that will tear her family apart and have perhaps fatal consequences for the sister she loves. My Sister's Keeper examines what it means to be a good parent, a good sister, a good person. Is it morally correct to do whatever it takes to save a child's life, even if that means infringing upon the rights of another? Is it worth trying to discover who you really are if that quest makes you like yourself less? Should you follow your own heart or let others lead you? Once again, in My Sister's Keeper, Jodi Picoult tackles a controversial real-life subject with grace, wisdom, and sensitivity.",2004,Jodi Picoult,35828,1170677,423,Fiction,4.09,[]
30,Angels & Demons,"World-renowned Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon is summoned to a Swiss research facility to analyze a cryptic symbol seared into the chest of a murdered physicist. What he discovers is unimaginable: a deadly vendetta against the Catholic Church by a centuries-old underground organization -- the Illuminati. In a desperate race to save the Vatican from a powerful time bomb, Langdon joins forces in Rome with the beautiful and mysterious scientist Vittoria Vetra. Together they embark on a frantic hunt through sealed crypts, dangerous catacombs, and deserted cathedrals, and into the depths of the most secretive vault on earth...the long-forgotten Illuminati lair.(back cover)",2000,Dan Brown,32357,3058569,736,Fiction,3.93,[]
31,Never Let Me Go,"Hailsham seems like a pleasant English boarding school, far from the influences of the city. Its students are well tended and supported, trained in art and literature, and become just the sort of people the world wants them to be. But, curiously, they are taught nothing of the outside world and are allowed little contact with it.Within the grounds of Hailsham, Kathy grows from schoolgirl to young woman, but it’s only when she and her friends Ruth and Tommy leave the safe grounds of the school (as they always knew they would) that they realize the full truth of what Hailsham is.Never Let Me Go breaks through the boundaries of the literary novel. It is a gripping mystery, a beautiful love story, and also a scathing critique of human arrogance and a moral examination of how we treat the vulnerable and different in our society. In exploring the themes of memory and the impact of the past, Ishiguro takes on the idea of a possible future to create his most moving and powerful book to date.",2005,Kazuo Ishiguro,44991,619426,288,Fiction,3.84,[]
32,The Girl Who Played with Fire,"The ExposeMillenium publisher Mikael Blomkvist has made his reputation exposing corrupt establishment figures. So when a young journalist approaches him with an investigation into sex trafficking, Blomkvist cannot resist waging war on the powerful figures who control this lucrative industry.The MurderWhen a young couple is found dead in their Stockholm apartment, it's a straightforward job for Inspector Bublanski and his team. The killer left the weapon at the scene - and the fingerprints on the gun point in only one direction.The Girl Who Played with FireEx-security analyst Lisbeth Salander is wanted for murder. Her history of unpredictable and vengeful behaviour makes her an official danger to society - but no-one can find her. The only way Salander can be reached is by computer. But she can break into almost any network she chooses...",2006,Stieg Larsson,36177,889019,503,Fiction,4.25,[]
33,Cloud Atlas,"A postmodern visionary who is also a master of styles of genres, David Mitchell combines flat-out adventure, a Nabokovian lore of puzzles, a keen eye for character, and a taste for mind-bending philosophical and scientific speculation in the tradition of Umberto Eco, Haruki Murakami, and Philip K. Dick. The result is brilliantly original fiction as profund as it is playful. Now in his new novel, David Mitchell explores with daring artistry fundamental questions of reality and identity.Cloud Atlas begins in 1850 with Adam Ewing, an American notary voyaging from the Chatham Isles to his home in California. Along the way, Ewing is befriended by a physician, Dr. Goose, who begins to treat him for a rare species of brain parasite. . . .Abruptly, the action jumps to Belgium in 1931, where Robert Frobisher, a disinherited bisexual composer, contrives his way into the household of an infirm maestro who has a beguiling wife and a nubile daughter. . . . From there we jump to the West Coast in the 1970s and a troubled reporter named Luisa Rey, who stumbles upon a web of corporate greed and murder that threatens to claim her life. . . . And onward, with dazzling virtuosity, to an inglorious present-day England; to a Korean superstate of the near future where neocapitalism has run amok; and, finally, to a postapocalyptic Iron Age Hawaii in the last days of history.But the story doesn’t end even there. The narrative then boomerangs back through centuries and space, returning by the same route, in reverse, to its starting point. Along the way, Mitchell reveals how his disparate characters connect, how their fates intertwine, and how their souls drift across time like clouds across the sky.As wild as a videogame, as mysterious as a Zen koan, Cloud Atlas is an unforgettable tour de force that, like its incomparable author, has transcended its cult classic status to become a worldwide phenomenon.",back,David Mitchell,21139,239364,185019311970,Fiction,4.01,[]
34,The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society," #1 NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER - NOW A MAJOR MOTION PICTURE ON NETFLIX - A remarkable tale of the island of Guernsey during the German Occupation, and of a society as extraordinary as its name. ""I wonder how the book got to Guernsey? Perhaps there is some sort of secret homing instinct in books that brings them to their perfect readers."" January 1946: London is emerging from the shadow of the Second World War, and writer Juliet Ashton is looking for her next book subject. Who could imagine that she would find it in a letter from a man she's never met, a native of the island of Guernsey, who has come across her name written inside a book by Charles Lamb...As Juliet and her new correspondent exchange letters, Juliet is drawn into the world of this man and his friends—and what a wonderfully eccentric world it is. The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society—born as a spur-of-the-moment alibi when its members were discovered breaking curfew by the Germans occupying their island—boasts a charming, funny, deeply human cast of characters, from pig farmers to phrenologists, literature lovers all.Juliet begins a remarkable correspondence with the society's members, learning about their island, their taste in books, and the impact the recent German occupation has had on their lives. Captivated by their stories, she sets sail for Guernsey, and what she finds will change her forever.Written with warmth and humor as a series of letters, this novel is a celebration of the written word in all its guises and of finding connection in the most surprising ways.",2008,Mary Ann Shaffer,59903,714546,291,Historical Fiction,4.19,[]
35,The Host,"Melanie Stryder refuses to fade away. The earth has been invaded by a species that take over the minds of human hosts while leaving their bodies intact. Wanderer, the invading ""soul"" who has been given Melanie's body, didn't expect to find its former tenant refusing to relinquish possession of her mind.As Melanie fills Wanderer's thoughts with visions of Jared, a human who still lives in hiding, Wanderer begins to yearn for a man she's never met. Reluctant allies, Wanderer and Melanie set off to search for the man they both love.Also see: Alternate Cover Editions for this ISBN [ACE]  
ACE #1
 - 
ACE #2
",2008,Stephenie Meyer,43037,974347,624,Young Adult,3.85,[]
36,Breaking Dawn,"""Don't be afraid,"" I murmured. ""We belong together.""I was abruptly overwhelmed by the truth of my own words. This moment was so perfect, so right, there was no way to doubt it.His arms wrapped around me,holding me against him....It felt like every nerve ending in my body was a live wire.""Forever,"" he agreed.WHEN YOU LOVED THE ONE WHO WAS KILLING YOU, IT LEFT YOU NO OPTIONS. How could you run, how could you fight, when doing so would hurt that beloved one? If your life was all you had to give, how could you not give it? If it was someone you truly loved?TO BE IRREVOCABLY IN LOVE WITH A VAMPIRE is both fantasy and nightmare woven into a dangerously heightened reality for Bella Swan. Pulled in one direction by her intense passion for Edward Cullen, and in another by her profound connection to werewolf Jacob Black, a tumultuous year of temptation, loss, and strife have led her to the ultimate turning point. Her imminent choice to either join the dark but seductive world of immortals or to pursue a fully human life has become the thread from which the fates of two tribes hangs.NOW THAT BELLA HAS MADE HER DECISION, a startling chain of unprecedented events is about to unfold with potentially devastating, and unfathomable, consequences. Just when the frayed strands of Bella's life - first discovered in Twilight, then scattered and torn in New Moon and Eclipse - seem ready to heal and knit together, could they be destroyed... forever?THE ASTONISHING, BREATHLESSLY anticipated conclusion to the Twilight Saga, Breaking Dawn illuminates the secrets and mysteries of this spellbinding romantic epic that has entranced millions.",2008,Stephenie Meyer,51228,1592140,756,Fantasy,3.73,[]
37,The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest,"The stunning third and final novel in Stieg Larsson's internationally best-selling trilogy.Lisbeth Salander - the heart of Larsson's two previous novels - lies in critical condition, a bullet wound to her head, in the intensive care unit of a Swedish city hospital. She's fighting for her life in more ways than one: if and when she recovers, she'll be taken back to Stockholm to stand trial for three murders. With the help of her friend, journalist Mikael Blomkvist, she will not only have to prove her innocence, but also identify and denounce those in authority who have allowed the vulnerable, like herself, to suffer abuse and violence. And, on her own, she will plot revenge - against the man who tried to kill her, and the corrupt government institutions that very nearly destroyed her life.Once upon a time, she was a victim. Now Salander is fighting back.~from the jacket",2007,Stieg Larsson,30573,708863,566,Fiction,4.23,[]
38,Eclipse,"""BELLA?""Edward's soft voice came from behind me. I turned to see him spring lightly up the porch steps, his hair windblown from running. He pulled me into his arms at once, just like he had in the parking lot, and kissed me again.This kiss frightened me. There was too much tension, too strong an edge to the way his lips crushed mine - like he was afraid we had only so much time left to us.As Seattle is ravaged by a string of mysterious killings and a malicious vampire continues her quest for revenge, Bella once again finds herself surrounded by danger. In the midst of it all, she is forced to choose between her love for Edward and her friendship with Jacob - knowing that her decision has the potential to ignite the ageless struggle between vampire and werewolf. With her graduation quickly approaching, Bella has one more decision to make: life or death. But which is which?READERS CAPTIVATED BY Twilight AND New Moon will eagerly devour Eclipse, the much-anticipated third book in Stephenie Meyer's riveting vampire love saga.",2007,Stephenie Meyer,42381,1689571,629,Young Adult,3.72,[]
39,The Name of the Wind,"Told in Kvothe's own voice, this is the tale of the magically gifted young man who grows to be the most notorious wizard his world has ever seen. The intimate narrative of his childhood in a troupe of traveling players, his years spent as a near-feral orphan in a crime-ridden city, his daringly brazen yet successful bid to enter a legendary school of magic, and his life as a fugitive after the murder of a king form a gripping coming-of-age story unrivaled in recent literature. A high-action story written with a poet's hand, The Name of the Wind is a masterpiece that will transport readers into the body and mind of a wizard.",2007,Patrick Rothfuss,50320,883428,662,Fantasy,4.52,[]
40,"Eat, Pray, Love","A celebrated writer's irresistible, candid, and eloquent account of her pursuit of worldly pleasure, spiritual devotion, and what she really wanted out of life. Around the time Elizabeth Gilbert turned thirty, she went through an early-onslaught midlife crisis. She had everything an educated, ambitious American woman was supposed to want—a husband, a house, a successful career. But instead of feeling happy and fulfilled, she was consumed with panic, grief, and confusion. She went through a divorce, a crushing depression, another failed love, and the eradication of everything she ever thought she was supposed to be. To recover from all this, Gilbert took a radical step. In order to give herself the time and space to find out who she really was and what she really wanted, she got rid of her belongings, quit her job, and undertook a yearlong journey around the world—all alone. Eat, Pray, Love is the absorbing chronicle of that year. Her aim was to visit three places where she could examine one aspect of her own nature set against the backdrop of a culture that has traditionally done that one thing very well. In Rome, she studied the art of pleasure, learning to speak Italian and gaining the twenty-three happiest pounds of her life. India was for the art of devotion, and with the help of a native guru and a surprisingly wise cowboy from Texas, she embarked on four uninterrupted months of spiritual exploration. In Bali, she studied the art of balance between worldly enjoyment and divine transcendence. She became the pupil of an elderly medicine man and also fell in love the best way—unexpectedly. An intensely articulate and moving memoir of self-discovery, Eat, Pray, Love is about what can happen when you claim responsibility for your own contentment and stop trying to live in imitation of society’s ideals. It is certain to touch anyone who has ever woken up to the unrelenting need for change.",2006,Elizabeth Gilbert,56786,1670852,368,Nonfiction,3.61,[]
41,Kafka on the Shore,"Kafka on the Shore, a tour de force of metaphysical reality, is powered by two remarkable characters: a teenage boy, Kafka Tamura, who runs away from home either to escape a gruesome oedipal prophecy or to search for his long-missing mother and sister; and an aging simpleton called Nakata, who never recovered from a wartime affliction and now is drawn toward Kafka for reasons that, like the most basic activities of daily life, he cannot fathom. Their odyssey, as mysterious to them as it is to us, is enriched throughout by vivid accomplices and mesmerizing events. Cats and people carry on conversations, a ghostlike pimp employs a Hegel-quoting prostitute, a forest harbors soldiers apparently unaged since World War II, and rainstorms of fish (and worse) fall from the sky. There is a brutal murder, with the identity of both victim and perpetrator a riddle—yet this, along with everything else, is eventually answered, just as the entwined destinies of Kafka and Nakata are gradually revealed, with one escaping his fate entirely and the other given a fresh start on his own.",2002,Haruki Murakami,32610,418731,467,Fiction,4.14,[]
42,New Moon,"There is an alternate cover edition for ISBN13 9780316160193 here. I knew we were both in mortal danger. Still, in that instant, I felt well. Whole. I could feel my heart racing in my chest, the blood pulsing hot and fast through my veins again. My lungs filled deep with the sweet scent that came off his skin. It was like there had never been any hole in my chest. I was perfect - not healed, but as if there had never been a wound in the first place. I FELT LIKE I WAS TRAPPED IN ONE OF THOSE TERRIFYING NIGHTMARES, the one where you have to run, run till your lungs burst, but you can't make your body move fast enough.... But this was no dream, and, unlike the nightmare, I wasn't running for my life; I was racing to save something infinitely more precious. My own life meant little to me today. FOR BELLA SWAN THERE IS ONE THING more important than life itself: Edward Cullen. But being in love with a vampire is even more dangerous than Bella could ever have imagined. Edward has already rescued Bella from the clutches of one evil vampire, but now, as their daring relationship threatens all that is near and dear to them, they realize their troubles may be just beginning....LEGIONS OF READERS ENTRANCED BY THE New York Times bestseller Twilight are hungry for the continuing story of star-crossed lovers Bell and Edward. In New Moon, Stephanie Meyer delivers another irresistible combination of romance and suspense with a supernatural spin. passionate, riveting, and full of surprising twists and turns, this vampire love saga is well on its way to literary immortality.",2006,Stephenie Meyer,54234,1792731,563,Young Adult,3.58,[]
43,A Story of Yesterday,"A Story of Yesterday is a concise and straight punch to the jaw of life.Under a sky of different colors germinates a magical story of survival, where the result of each choice, enclosed in this particular tale, will snatch the whereabouts of each story forever.",2014,Sergio Cobo,210,11045,70,Spanish Literature,4.60,[]
44,City of Glass,"Also see: Alternate Cover Editions for this ISBN [ACE]  
ACE #1
To save her mother's life, Clary must travel to the City of Glass, the ancestral home of the Shadowhunters - never mind that entering the city without permission is against the Law, and breaking the Law could mean death. To make things worse, she learns that Jace does not want her there, and Simon has been thrown in prison by the Shadowhunters, who are deeply suspicious of a vampire who can withstand sunlight.As Clary uncovers more about her family's past, she finds an ally in mysterious Shadowhunter Sebastian. With Valentine mustering the full force of his power to destroy all Shadowhunters forever, their only chance to defeat him is to fight alongside their eternal enemies. But can Downworlders and Shadowhunters put aside their hatred to work together? While Jace realizes exactly how much he's willing to risk for Clary, can she harness her newfound powers to help save the Glass City - whatever the cost?Love is a mortal sin and the secrets of the past prove deadly as Clary and Jace face down Valentine in the third installment of the New York Times bestselling series The Mortal Instruments.",2009,Cassandra Clare,32615,918823,541,Fantasy,4.29,[]
45,The Graveyard Book,"Nobody Owens, known to his friends as Bod, is a perfectly normal boy. Well, he would be perfectly normal if he didn't live in a graveyard, being raised and educated by ghosts, with a solitary guardian who belongs to neither the world of the living nor the world of the dead.There are dangers and adventures for Bod in the graveyard: the strange and terrible menace of the Sleer; a gravestone entrance to a desert that leads to the city of ghouls; friendship with a witch, and so much more.But it is in the land of the living that real danger lurks, for it is there that the man Jack lives and he has already killed Bod's family.A deliciously dark masterwork by bestselling author Neil Gaiman, with illustrations by award-winning Dave McKean.",2008,Neil Gaiman,37311,508464,312,Fantasy,4.15,[]
46,Room,"To five-year-old-Jack, Room is the world....Told in the inventive, funny, and poignant voice of Jack, Room is a celebration of resilience—and a powerful story of a mother and son whose love lets them survive the impossible.To five-year-old Jack, Room is the entire world. It is where he was born and grew up; it's where he lives with his Ma as they learn and read and eat and sleep and play. At night, his Ma shuts him safely in the wardrobe, where he is meant to be asleep when Old Nick visits. Room is home to Jack, but to Ma, it is the prison where Old Nick has held her captive for seven years. Through determination, ingenuity, and fierce motherly love, Ma has created a life for Jack. But she knows it's not enough ... not for her or for him. She devises a bold escape plan, one that relies on her young son's bravery and a lot of luck. What she does not realize is just how unprepared she is for the plan to actually work. Told entirely in the language of the energetic, pragmatic five-year-old Jack, Room is a celebration of resilience and the limitless bond between parent and child, a brilliantly executed novel about what it means to journey from one world to another.",2010,Emma Donoghue,49559,780084,321,Fiction,4.07,[]
47,Gone Girl,"Who are you?What have we done to each other?These are the questions Nick Dunne finds himself asking on the morning of his fifth wedding anniversary when his wife Amy suddenly disappears. The police suspect Nick. Amy's friends reveal that she was afraid of him, that she kept secrets from him. He swears it isn't true. A police examination of his computer shows strange searches. He says they weren't made by him. And then there are the persistent calls on his mobile phone.So what did happen to Nick's beautiful wife?",2012,Gillian Flynn,145966,2850290,415,Fiction,4.12,"['3 1/2 stars.This is going to be a hard review to write because I feel so conflicted about my final rating and just how much I actually liked this book. For one thing, I think the second half is a big improvement on the first half and, though this is my least favourite book by Ms Flynn, I can see in some ways why other reviewers see this as her strongest work.Let me ask this question: is it possible to be objective when writing a book review? Can a book ever be objectively ""good"", even though some people might not enjoy it so much? To use quite an extreme example, I really struggled to read Proust\'s Swann\'s Way and can\'t say I enjoyed it - but that doesn\'t make it a bad book. Surely I cannot begin to claim that Proust is anything other than a literary genius? I wouldn\'t want to try. I don\'t think I need to tell you that Flynn is not quite Proust. But some of the same old ideas kept popping into my head while I was reading Gone Girl because I think this is the book that most showcases Flynn\'s talent for writing. And for exploring the dark depths of psychology. Sharp Objects and Dark Places are wild, gritty, nasty books that pull you in, engage you and poison your mind. You don\'t devour them, they devour you. I read both of Flynn\'s previous novels in a day or two. Unlike Gone Girl, which I tried to read about five times and gave up, then when I finally came back to it, I took a week to get through it. To put it in perspective, I read War and Peace in the same time it took me to read Flynn\'s latest work.But it\'s good, isn\'t it? How can I not praise a book that so cleverly pulls apart the minds of a husband and wife? In terms of writing, creativity, originality... this is her best work to date. In terms of enjoyment... I struggled a lot. Gone Girl is much slower than Flynn\'s first two novels, which is both a strength and a weakness. It allows for a slow, cleverly-painted picture to build up of this marriage and its many secrets, of Amy and Nick\'s state of mind. It is intense and brilliant. But I think it all comes down to the fact that I didn\'t care much about the background story of the couple\'s financial hardship. I think this is why I found the parts where they whine about how awful their life is - moving from a huge house in New York to a slightly smaller one in Missouri* - quite tedious. I am used to Ms Flynn giving me the dregs of society, the lowlifes and the majorly-troubled, giving me characters with genuine reasons to complain about life. Spoilt, rich people do not pull at my heartstrings. But, objectively, this is a really great book.*The trolls have started descending on this review because I got the house sizes mixed up - apparently the house in Missouri was bigger (how this makes a difference other than to further prove my point, I do not know). I\'m very sorry if I have influenced you to read/not read this book with false house size information.Blog | Facebook | Twitter | Instagram | TumblrShow more', 'As seen on The ReadventurerI am giving Gone Girl 3 stars, but only begrudgingly. In my mind, any book that takes me 3 months and 20 different tries to read is not worth 3 (i-liked-it on Goodreads) stars, especially a book written by an author I already respect. And I am not kidding, for me the first half of Gone Girl was a PURE TORTURE to read.Amy Dunn disappears on the day of her 5th wedding anniversary. All gradually uncovered evidence suggests that her husband, Nick, is somehow involved. Did he kill her? Was she kidnapped? What happened to Amy? One thing is clear, Nick and Amy\'s marriage wasn\'t as perfect as everybody thought.The first part of the novel is all about the investigation into Amy\'s disappearance, slow unraveling of Nick\'s dirty secrets, reminiscing about the troubled history of Nick and Amy\'s marriage as told in Amy\'s hidden diary. I strained and strained my brain trying to understand why this chunk of Gone Girl had no appeal to me whatsoever. The only answer I have is this: I am really not into reading about rich white people\'s problems. You want to whine to me about your dwindling trust fund? Losing your cushy New York job? Moving south and ""only"" renting a mansion there? Being unhappy because you have too much free time on your hands and you are used to only work as a hobby? You want to make fun of your lowly, un-posh neighbors and their casseroles? Well, I am not interested. I\'d rather read about someone not necessarily likable, but at least worthy of my empathy, not waste my time on self-centered, spoiled, pathetic people who don\'t know what real problems are. Granted, characters in Flynn\'s previous novels (Sharp Objects and Dark Places) are pretty pathetic and and at times revolting too, but I always felt some strange empathy towards them, not annoyance and boredom, like I felt reading about Amy and Nick\'s marriage woes.But then second part, with its wicked twist, changed everything. The story became much more exciting, dangerous and deranged. The main characters revealed sides to them that were quite shocking and VERY entertaining. I thought the Gillian Flynn I knew before finally unleashed her talent for writing utterly unlikable and crafty women. THEN I got invested in the story, THEN I cared.Was it too little too late though? I think it was. Something needed to be done to make Gone Girl a better read. Make it shorter? Cut out first part completely? I don\'t know. But because of my uneven experience with this novel I won\'t be able to recommend Gone Girl as readily as I did Flynn\'s earlier novels, even though I think this horror marriage story (it\'s not a true mystery, IMO) has some brilliantly written psycho goodness in it and an absolutely messed up ending that many loathed but I LOVED. I wish it didn\'t take so much time and patience to get to all of that...Show more', 'AMY DUNNEI am Amy. I’m so perfect you may want to puke. It’s okay, I have that effect on everyone, even my parents. They noticed I was so perfect when I was a little girl and so they wrote some vastly popular children’s books called The Adventures of Amazing Amy. You may have been given them to read in school, and you may have puked on them. I am so self-regarding I can’t pass a mirror without congratulating it that it’s reflecting me and not somebody else. I forgot to mention that I have a perfect figure and everybody wants to be my friend. I lived in New York but because I got let go now I have to live with my husband in one of those other states. I forgot its name.NICK DUNNEI am Nick, husband of Amy. I am a six foot something book reading slab of pure thinking woman’s hunkaceousness. Is that a word? Hey, it is now. I got let go from my job in New York as a writer – yeah, I know. And now I got let go from the job of Amy’s husband because she’s disappeared.P BRYANTWhy am I reading this?OFF-STAGE VOICEIs it because you like to read popular thrillers from time to time to curry favour with the voters of your obsessional booky website?P BRYANTWell, really...AMY DUNNEI love Nick.NICK DUNNEI love Amy.AMY DUNNEAlthough he can be a bastard at times. NICK DUNNEAlthough she can be a stuck-up bloodyminded princess most of the time.AMY DUNNEI hate Nick.NICK DUNNEI hate Amy.P BRYANTPass me the sick bag.NICK DUNNEWhere is Amy? Oh where oh where can she be? Did I say she like just disappeared and shit? It’s why this book is called GONE GIRL and not THE REALLY IRRITATING COUPLE.P BRYANTI don’t care where Amy Dunne has gone. If she’s never heard from again, that’s okay with me. But for what it’s worth, I have a few theories.1.\tKidnapped by aliens. Although you’d have thought they’d have thrown her straight back.2.\tShe’s had plastic surgery and is now the middle Madonna (Vogue era) in a Madonna tribute band.3.\tNick killed her, even if he says he didn’t, the liar. And ate her. 4.\tAmy killed Nick and is pulling off a fabulous feat of transgender impersonation until page 322 when all will be revealed. And ate him.5.\tThere never was an Amy. So she’s still here! (Pretty deep, that one.)6.\tJust like in that Agatha Christie book, THEY ALL KILLED HER! And ate her. It wasn’t chicken in that basket.Well, I’ll never know. But that’s okay.Show more', 'I\'m pretty selective about new releases, but Gone Girl\'s opening (about a man studying his wife\'s skull in bed) and unique alternating POV structure promised a kind of He Said, She Said Crimes and Misdemeanors, a The Secret History with a sense of humor. I did really like the structure, along with some of the zingers, and some of the saucier images, but that\'s about it.From the Kushner epigraph to the name checking of Noel Coward on page 68 to the use of Pygmalion as a verb 20 pages after that (a synonym for to tidy, apparently), Flynn signals that she aims to create that most perverse of marriages here: a literary beach read. Instead of the best of both worlds, Gone Girl is the worst of both worlds: as pretentious and unnecessarily meta and overwritten as the worst overhyped literary debut and with dialogue and characters as cartoonish and trite and exposition-anvil-filled as your average suspense hack job.The absolute most offensive thing about Gone Girl, however, is how in love with being ""dark"" it is. It thinks it is so deep, so much better than say, chick lit, because it is about LIFE and DEATH and love as a prison sentence not rings and proposals and love as the solution to everything. But in staging itself, very Amy-like, so carefully in opposition to the thing it hates, it of course does not rise above chick lit, it just becomes psycho chick lit. Which may be different, I\'ll give it that, but it is not better.This is not good. Do not read this.', 'This book is such a steaming pile of shit for so many reasons and hands down the worst book I have ever read. There is a huge cloud of smug over Gone Girl. This was such an unpleasant read that I started taking notes of all the ridiculous parts. It also didn\'t help matters that I figured out the ending before page 100.There are lots and lots of f-bombs and swearing which says a lot since I cuss like a sailor. For me to pick up on that means it\'s excessive and adds nothing to the story. Then there\'s the issue with our characters. The husband is Captain Douchebag and the wife is beyond batshit crazy. The story of a missing wife gets so ridiculous and over the top that the ending could only be equally as absurd.Things I absolutely loathed about the book:using The Giving Tree as a verbredneck stereotypes like catfish gigging with dry cat foodrepeated mentions of having the emotional bendsrepeated mentions of characters having a vaginal smellpage 67 where ""Nick got home just after four, a bulb of beer and cigarettes and fried-egg odor attached to him, a placenta of stink.""the sister\'s name being Gothe book\'s smugness.Had I not borrowed the book, I would have stabbed the shit out of it with scissors.If you want to read a book about a miserable married couple, read Revolutionary Road. The writing is a million times better.Show more', 'This book was just way too much fun – and I mean that in a good way. I’m taking a leisurely drive down the garden path of the story, when BAM – right in the middle it makes a u-turn and we are on the damn highway doing 90 miles an hour (commonly referred to as a plot twist). Sweet Mother of Mercy!There is not much to say without the risk of giving up some detail that’s best left secret. Soooo many time I wanted to just take one little peek at the end to see what happens to Nick and Amy. But I didn’t. I survived the heart pounding suspense and made it to the end of a very satisfying read.I must, must must check out more books by Ms. FlynnSee all my reviews here:http://bookaholique.blogspot.com/Show more', ""The first person narrative meant being in the thoughts of 2 very sick people the whole book and it left me feeling yucky. The author portrayed the minds of sadistic, narcissistic sociopaths making it a very dark book. And for some reason, I actually didn't find anything that happened a surprise. That made the story boring which may also have been because I didn't like or care about either of the unrepentant, unenlightened, and self absorbed characters. I just couldn't relate. Even getting some background on their families didn't engender any sympathy in me for them.  It is not a satisfying read because there is no hope for these characters, no redemption, no justice for those murdered. As I said: Yucky."", ""Quite simply, this is one of the best novels of the year. It's a thriller in the best tradition of Alfred Hitchcock and layered with brilliantly written characters; it's the kind of book that's nearly impossible to put down. The surprises and twists keep the reader guessing up until the final page, and my first thought upon finishing the novel was that I wanted to read it a second time.Show more"", ' COME ON!Everyone (EVERYONE!!) loves this hateful book?  suckers!  Kind of makes me weep for the future. I did not think it was clever (as many have asserted) just depraved & manipulative. Also, if I ever read the words \nfucking bitch\n again it will be too soon.Show more', ""4.5I'm never getting married- I can't risk this"", 'yo Amy really did THAT', ""\n\n\n\nThere’s something disturbing about recalling a warm memory and feeling utterly cold.\nOn the day of Nick and Amy Dunne's fifth anniversary -\n Amy disappears.\nWithout a \ntrace.\nWell...not...really without a trace.There's a lot of weird...things associated with the disappearance. Blood that was messily cleaned up, a suspiciously staged scene and a host of other bits of evidence that all points towards Nick Dunne.But in the world where the murderer is always the husband...what happens when it isn't?\nThere's a difference between really loving someone and loving the idea of her. \nAhhh... upon a reread. I bumped it down a bit. Knowing the twist makes everything slightly less exciting. It was still a fun romp back into this book...but I honestly don't think I'll go in for another round. The first time - when the BIG THING happened - my mind was blown. I was wowed. I could not get over it.And this round? I thought I would love it more. Because now I could see all the little clues that I missed before... but they didn't do that It was still well-written and engaging...but ehhh. I guess finding out the surprise really just didn't give me anything left to look forward to/anticipate.Audiobook CommentsRead by Julia Whelan and Kirby Heyborne - together they make this audio truly memorable. Absolutely lovely reading.YouTube | Blog | Instagram | Twitter | Facebook | Snapchat @miranda_readsShow more"", '***MORE MOVIE NEWS*** Gossipy sources say that Neil Patrick Harris will play Amy\'s creepy ex, Desi, and Tyler Perry will play Ben Affleck/Nick\'s scumbag lawyer. If this thing isn\'t a blockbuster, I\'ll eat my hat.***UPDATE 7/25/2013***Amy Dunne\'s role in the film offered to Rosamund Pike, whoever she might be. Good role for any actress as it\'s a potential star-maker.***GONE GIRL CUPCAKES********UPDATE 3/26/2013*****See bottom of review. I think I need to re-think this oppositional review.***UPDATE 3/31/2013***See comment #181 below...not changing my mind about the book, remaining open to the writer\'s work.Rating: 0.5* of five The Book Report: The book description says:Marriage can be a real killer.\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0One of the most critically acclaimed suspense writers of our time,\xa0New York Times\xa0bestseller Gillian Flynn takes that statement to its darkest place in this unputdownable masterpiece about a marriage gone terribly, terribly wrong. The\xa0Chicago Tribune\xa0proclaimed that\xa0her work “draws you in and keeps you reading with the force of a pure but nasty addiction.”Gone Girl’s toxic mix of sharp-edged wit and deliciously chilling prose creates a nerve-fraying thriller that confounds you at every turn.\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0On a warm summer morning in North Carthage, Missouri, it is Nick and Amy Dunne’s fifth wedding anniversary. Presents are being wrapped and reservations are being made when Nick’s clever and beautiful wife disappears from their rented McMansion on the Mississippi River. Husband-of-the-Year Nick isn’t doing himself any favors with cringe-worthy daydreams about the slope and shape of his wife’s head, but passages from Amy\'s diary reveal the alpha-girl perfectionist could have put anyone dangerously on edge.\xa0Under mounting pressure from the police and the media—as well as Amy’s fiercely doting parents—the town golden boy parades an endless series of lies, deceits, and inappropriate behavior. Nick is oddly evasive, and he’s definitely bitter—but is he really a killer?\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0As the cops close in, every couple in town is soon wondering how well they know the one that they love. With his twin sister, Margo, at his side, Nick stands by his innocence. Trouble is, if Nick didn’t do it, where is that beautiful wife? And what was in that silvery gift box hidden in the back of her bedroom closet?\xa0\xa0\xa0With her\xa0razor-sharp writing and trademark psychological insight, Gillian Flynn delivers a fast-paced, devilishly dark, and ingeniously plotted thriller that confirms her status as one of the hottest writers around. My Review: I HATED EVERYTHING ABOUT THIS BOOK FROM ITS SNARKTASTIC SMUG SNOTTY STRAIGHT PEOPLE TO ITS PLOT THAT MADE ME HOMICIDALLY FURIOUS.I wish only the worst commercial luck for it, its movie, its author, its publisher, its publicist, its director, its producer, its screenwriter, and its legion of woman and crypto-woman fans.Edited to add: See comment #3 below for a fuller examination of the sources of my discontent.*************************EXCERPT FROM AN ESSAY BY FLYNN at Powells.com""With a mother who\'s the definition of toxic, and a thirteen-year-old half-sister with a finely honed bartering system for drugs, sex, control. In a small, disturbed town, in which two little girls are murdered. It\'s not a particularly flattering portrait of women, which is fine by me. Isn\'t it time to acknowledge the ugly side? I\'ve grown quite weary of the spunky heroines, brave rape victims, soul-searching fashionistas that stock so many books. I particularly mourn the lack of female villains — good, potent female villains.""This is NOT how I saw Flynn\'s horrible characters. I might be wrong in my assessment of the story. I\'ll have to revisit this (YUCK) to be certain.\n\nThis work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial 3.0 Unported License.Show more', '(Original image credit: Kate Beaton)That was my immediate reaction after finishing this book. Pretty clearly that\'s not how it ends. It doesn\'t END that way. Yet, when I tapped Shadow\'s screen to turn the page (Shadow\'s my Nook\'s name, FYI) - there were only acknowledgements. And then I thought about it... I gave it just a few minutes\' thought, and I decided that I thought the ending was appropriate. Fucked up? Oh my, yes. But fitting too, in a way. We do dig our own graves, don\'t we? This book kind of reminded of Lemarchand\'s Box. Every time you try to figure it out, it draws you deeper in, and in the end, reveals the kind of depravity that seemingly knows no bounds. Ineffable. And I kind of loved it. I thought I had this book figured out so early. I even thought I was being clever, despite knowing, KNOWING, that I was being carefully, artfully led to these conclusions. I was creative though. I had it all figured out. All I was waiting for was the vindication when the book caught up with me. And then WHATTHEFUCK?! The twist. Oh my. I never, never saw it coming. Despite having accidentally seen the table of contents, which kind of give it away. But, then if you know me, you know that I don\'t want to know anything - so I put it out of my mind. And I\'m glad that I did. The first line of the Chapter of the Twist floored me. I read it four times, and still felt sluggishly stupid. I couldn\'t wrap my mind around it. I had never read Gillian Flynn before, only knew that her stories were dark, thriller types. But in that one sentence, I wondered if all along I\'ve been reading a haunting story and not even realizing it. In a way that was right, but it\'s just haunting in the wrong sense. Or the right one, depending on your point of view. This book kind of... resonated. It\'s easy to get caught up in it - or it was for me. I could see myself, my boyfriend, my friends and their significant others, pretty much ANY relationship, in this book. And that\'s disturbing. Everyone changes in a relationship. Everyone. I thought, early on, ""Oh, this is a story of how relationships go bad when expectations aren\'t met - when people change, and grow lax in their status quo relationship...""And it was, in a way. If the When-Relationships-Go-Bad-O-Meter goes to 11. Why not just make 10 more intense? Because this one kind of situation requires it go to ELEVEN. The thriller aspect of this book was fantastic. It\'s not one of those non-stop rollercoaster thrill-ride books, where every page turn is another exciting development. This was like watching the water drain out of a tub, slowly, allowing you to see, little by little,what lies under the surface. And you realize that it\'s recognizable but stunted and deformed, horrifying, and clearly dead inside. But you can\'t quite stop looking. I loved every second of it. Learning about Nick and Amy\'s relationship, both how it was so right, and how it went so very wrong. The characters were real, disturbingly real. Every word was expertly placed to take the reader along on this journey, and it was brilliantly done. Loved it. The moral of this story: Make an effort. It won\'t kill you... ;)Show more', 'Marguerite Yourcenar wrote long ago that ""the mask, given time, comes to be the face itself."" This can work for good or bad, but the more hideous the secrets, the more carefully that mask is constructed. So what if you discovered after five years of marriage that you\'d only seen the mask, and never the real face of your spouse? Once those dark truths were revealed, could you stay married to that person? Knowledge is power, and never more so than in an intimate relationship.What if your spouse knew you so well that they could anticipate your behavior in any circumstance, and thereby manipulate you without your realizing it?Gillian Flynn takes the common marital concerns about money, in-laws, and parenthood, and turns them into toxic waste in the case of Nick and Amy Dunne. Amy is revealed through her diaries, and Nick narrates his experiences as he follows the clues in the anniversary treasure hunt laid out by his wife before she disappeared. Did Nick kill Amy? A lot of people think so, but her body hasn\'t been found. Is Amy still alive? What was lurking beneath the surface of their marriage? GONE GIRL is a thriller, but it\'s a slow burn. Flynn strings you along. She doles out just enough information to make you think you\'ve figured things out before she hits you with another ""GOTCHA!"" revelation that changes everything. And she saves the biggest gotcha of all for the end, which is shocking in its subtlety. The way it ends puts the final seal on what a truly sick relationship Nick and Amy had.The path is twisted, disturbing, and sometimes horrifying. It\'s also irresistible. Sensitive readers should proceed with caution. The book does contain coarse language as well as some violence and sexual content.Show more', '***************\nSummary: I loved it while despising it, how \'bout that? Oh dear, I\'m caught between realizing that this is one of the most inconsistent plot-and-characterization-wise books I\'ve read in a long time - as well as one of the most entertaining stay-up-all-night-to-finish books.  Hmmmm.This book unapologetically flew through the bestsellers and awards lists like a hurricane last year, being praised for its dark nature and unexpected twist and intricate plot (a.k.a. the reasons why I apparently requested it from my library many moons ago, getting to the tail end of a 3-digit queue which finally reached me by the time I forgot I signed up for this book in the first place).The story \n(MAJOR SPOILERS-FREE - I\'m trying to be good, guys!)\n is the following: Nick and Amy have been married for five years, and the marriage has been strained for a while. They used to be a rich glamorous couple in New York; now they moved to Nick\'s home state of Missouri having lost their jobs and most of their money. Now Nick is trying to run a bar with his twin sister while Amy apparently sulks at home. And one day, on their anniversary, Amy vanishes without a trace, with her disappearance looking like a result of a foul play, and quite soon Nick finds himself a prime suspect as all the clues somehow point in his direction.The story is told through alternating perspectives: - Nick of present time (we learn quite a bit about him being a ""Nice Guy"" who is drop-dead gorgeous and has serious mommy-daddy issues as well as a dazzling smile, a perfectly cleft chin and quite a few hangups about women. Oh, and he really cannot stand his wife) - and Amy through her diary entries starting seven years prior to events of present time (she is a drop-dead-gorgeous woman rich thanks to a well-known series of childhood books written by her parents and based on her - their \'Amazing Amy\'. Oh, and unlike what Nick thinks of her, she appears to be - at least through her diary entries - a pathetic doormat).  Eventually we get to see the perspective of present-day Amy and realize that everything we know about her is, of course, a lie.This dual perspective provides an interesting example of unreliable narrators - Nick\'s and Amy\'s stories clash, and we know one of them - or both - cannot be completely true. Those parts are kinda awesome - it\'s like a ticking time bomb that you know is bound to explode.\nWhile the investigation into Amy\'s disappearance continues, while Nick almost drowns in the mounting evidence against him, we are treated to (or perhaps subjected to?) ruminations on the nature of marriage, the nature of compromises, the view on the marital roles, the societal expectations of relationships and all that stuff that can be both thought-provoking and eyeroll-provoking at the same time.Yes, there are some interesting thoughts on the nature of compromise in marriage. And on the danger of loving not a person but your idea of how they should be. And, later on, Amy\'s deconstruction of the \'Cool Girl that every man wants\' stereotype - even though the only reason she dislikes it is because that requires HER acting contrary to her wishes. She has no problem forcing others to conform to her ideas of how they should be - as long as the end result pleases her.But then the second half of the book comes - and the story, at least for me, took a determined steep nosedive. No, it\'s not the twist (and by the time you made it to the halfway mark, the \'twist\' is the only logical thing that can happen at this point - but that was fine as I don\'t understand the obsession with \'twists\' that seems to have become the norm recently). No, it\'s not the complete and utter unlikability bordering on repulsiveness of both Nick (a selfish whiny misogynistic man-child) and Amy (a cunning, vindictive psychopath that uses that whole doormat personality as a disguise for her revenge plan) - no, the unlikability is very well-done; I actually enjoyed that part.No, it\'s a sudden lapse in characterization, the inconsistencies that pop up for the necessity of driving the plot forward - the character changes that make no sense in the frame of this story.Amy -  a brilliant sociopath who plans everything to perfection, suddenly turns into an incompetent pathetic creature who easily gets robbed by chance acquiantances and is easily fooled by Nick\'s \'heartfelt plea\' on TV - all to get her to the place the plot requires her to be, and then suddenly once again resume the role of the evil plotting genius. I mean, huh?And Nick -  a pathetic selfish creature who suddenly becomes the un-ironic self-sacrificing Nice Guy as Amy becomes the obvious villain. Seriously? Because that does not fit with Nick\'s characterization up until this point, and nothing happens to make him such except for the need to introduce a \'counterweight\' to Amy at this point.“My gosh, Nick, why are you so wonderful to me?\'He was supposed to say: You deserve it. I love you.But he said,\'Because I feel sorry for you.\' \'Why?\' \'Because every morning you have to wake up and be you.”NEWSFLASH, NICK: YOUR SNARKY PHRASE APPLIES TO YOU PERFECTLY AS WELL. THE TWO OF YOU DESERVE EACH OTHER. (Or dear, was *that* the point of this book???? O_O ) \nThe first half of the book was fun and disturbing at the same time. with tension constantly building up, the satisfying frustration, and the lovely contrast of unreliable narrators, two nasty people that nevertheless bring up some quite interesting points. Based on it alone, I\'d give this book 4 stars. But - ughhhh - that disappointing second half - the one with inconsistent characterization, and the twists to fit the plotting, and the ending that makes you go, ""And that was it? That\'s why I read this? Really? The pregnancy? Dear god, just think of the monster spawn destined to be raised by this couple from hell!"" - that part of the book is a 2-star at best. Lovely, lovely buildup, \'meh\' and \'you\'re gotta be kidding me!\' resolution.What is consistent, however, is the sheer readability of this story, the page-turner quality of it, and the pretty decent writing throughout the book. How much do I wish that it ended somewhere around the 57% mark, right after the the first \'present\' Amy chapter, far from the disappointing middle and end. Altogether it\'s a 3-star read, full of initial promise but ending on a whimper note. But at least it\'s a *decent* 3-star read. It\'s actually enough to get me interested in other works by Gillian Flynn.Show more', ""Gone Girl is astounding. It is a gripping story of the courtship and marriage of a narcissist and a sociopath. They appear to be experiencing the normal setbacks of life during our recent financial meltdown: job loss, relocation, mounting debt, family illness etc. etc. It is easy to identify with them individually, which makes it harder to know who to root for when the wife disappears on the morning of their fifth wedding anniversary and the husband becomes the prime suspect. Neither seems to be telling the whole truth, yet they both remain engaging. Each one alternates as narrator, so not only does the point-of-view shift, but so does our allegiance. Once the media circus begins we are treated to an updated The Bonfire of the Vanities with a touch of The Silence of the Lambs to keep us on edge. The climax is startling, but also, strangely inevitable. Filled with humor and insight, and enough murder and mayhem to satisfy even the most jaded reader, it is a peculiar hybrid that is hard to resist.Here's an interesting article about the author: http://m.guardiannews.com/books/2013/...Show more"", 'girls can have a little being evil, as a treat.the internet adage ""i support women\'s rights, but more importantly, i support women\'s wrongs"" was made for this book. when it comes to my fictional characters, the true north of my moral compass is Interesting. anyone in any story can do whatever, in my view, as long as they\'re interesting.and amy dunne sure is interesting.(nick, on the other hand...his crimes in the field of boredom should be investigated at the hague!!!)this is an extremely fun, extremely satisfying thriller. it was just about the first of its kind (gillian flynn continued to fight for her life surrounded by identical drunk-woman-sees-something-scary girl on the train copycats, and i only put that in the past tense because WHERE IS THE FOURTH BOOK, GILLY). the cool-girl monologue still Hits. i think it\'s easy to reduce its power, because a) now people say things like that all the time and b) we\'re all about to be showered with balloons and confetti to commemorate our millionth time hearing it, but it was wild when it first came out.and i still stand with her!!!even if sharp objects is just-as-good-maybe-better.bottom line: good for her!------------------book club updatecalling all evil and good-for-her girlies...this is the june 2022 beautiful world book club pick!elle and i will be reading this and rooting for amy all month long. join the discussion herefollow on instagram here------------------original reviewIs there a cooler, more unique, more twisty/unpredictable/wild/interesting/creative/never-been-done-before thriller than this?The answer is ""no, somehow probably not, even though Sharp Objects is still Gillian Flynn\'s best, and also when is Gillian Flynn coming out with another book? I saw in a Q&A that she\'s switching back to novels from screenwriting/adapting/etc but that could mean anytime and I know it\'s good she\'s a slow writer because the quality is unparalleled but at the same time I\'d reallyreallyreally like a new Gillian Flynn book please and thanks.""Also, if the ""cool girl"" passage hadn\'t been talked about just enough, the precise amount it deserves, I\'d happy-rant about it here. That passage is so rad and was so groundbreaking for a few years ago. God, the way Gillian Flynn writes women! Please oh please another book please. Anyway, the whole long quote has been absolutely talked into the ground so go read another person write about it. Or Gillian Flynn talking about it. Or just read the passage? Or the book? It\'s 2:46 a.m. and I am really sticking to this point, for some reason.Also also: I\'m Team Amy. That should go without saying. The hyper-smart sociopathic controller of her own fate or some sloppy, Scotch-swigging, coed-f*cking, failed dudebro? My choice is obvious, pals.Bottom line: This book is obviously great and absolutely every person on the face of the planet is aware of it. Writing this review is like a master class in futility.Show more', 'Mr. PeanutThe Seducer/The Conqueror/The DiscovererThreatsand now this.all of them are amazing stories about a wife gone missing or murdered, and the husband\'s journey through grief and suspicion with a bevvy of unreliable narrators. i\'m actually not some sicko who is drawn to stories of murdered women, but these happen to be exceptional books that are strikingly similar in the way they unspool, and - yeah - they all have the same central action.every single one of them is a twisty-turny narrative that keeps the reader guessing until some sort of explosively wonderful ending ties up everything and you are all ""ahhhhh"". every character is unreliable, every clue is a possible red herring. every story will happily frustrate you with how slowly it doles out its answers.i was so super-psyched to read this one, and from the very beginning, i was hooked.when nick dunne\'s wife amy goes missing on the day of their fifth anniversary, the suspicion eventually comes to rest on him. the story is broken up into two threads: nick\'s version of events after her abduction, and amy\'s diary over the past few years. you will see how people in intimate relationships can sometimes have wildly different interpretations of events, a very specific internal set of values and goals in a relationship, and oh so many secrets.and then...a bit of a twist, which even though it was something i had suspected a little bit, was handled in a way that exceeded every expectation. and i was like ""yeah, yeah, yeah!!!!"" and this twist just made everything so much cooler, and i could not even pause in my reading, and i wanted to turn to the end so many times to see how this puppy played itself out, but i resisted, and stayed up wayyyy past my bedtime to finish it. and then there was an endingi know a lot of people have difficulties with the ending. but i thought it was great. this is very much a spoiler, so if you are ever going to read this (and you totally should because it is incredibly gripping and it is a truly great read) don\'t click this little button, go do something else, please. come on - what\'s not to love about this ending? we have one character who has said time and again that he has this need to please people, to give them what they want; who lost his way with amy when he stopped giving her what she wanted. and the other character who is accustomed to being worshipped, who has no problems destroying lives when she gets bored or when the attention-train stops. so who better to be in a relationship?? in a relationship, it is wayyy better to be feared than to be loved, right? right?? for this book, it definitely is. this is an astonishing dissection of a terrifying relationship, and the future these two are going to have together, left to my imagination, is ohmygod horrifying. and this line?? hell, at this point, i can\'t imagine my story without amy. she is my forever antagonist. we are one long frightening climax. AAAAAAHHHHH!! love. love. love. i think the ending is perfect. perfectly chilling, perfectly mindfucking, perfectly hopelessly tragically perfect.perfect.come to my blog!Show more', 'Gillian Flynn hands you a little black box. ""What\'s this?"" you ask. ""Just open it,"" she says, twitching an eyebrow at you. Just a tiny movement, a gentle follicular nudge. ""Is this a puzzle box?"" you ask, wary. ""I keep seeing people playing with ones just like it on the train. There is a huge stack of them at Target. These aren\'t really my thing.""""I know, but this is a really tricky one,"" she says. ""I want to see if you can figure it out.""Now it\'s a challenge. She has challenged you. Your ego is on the line. You open the box.And holy crap, how did she manage to fit all this in here? Because yeah, it is a pretty standard box on the outside, and even once you open in up and start messing with it, sliding the pieces around and trying to fit them into place. Oh, it\'s well done. Intricately carved, ornately detailed, with little embellishments that earn a wry smile, a chuckle, a grunt of admiration. But still. You can see the solution, just out of reach, but you suspect you\'ll have it soon.And suddenly, the last piece clicks home, and the box opens fully, revealing an wickedly clever design that you weren\'t even looking for. You went in overconfident, sure you had the solution clear in your mind, sure you were smarter than the box, smarter than its creator. But that\'s just what she wanted you to think.""Nicely done,"" you say, trying to give it back to her. ""Really. Nicely done.""""Oh no,"" she says, shoving it back into your hands. ""You aren\'t done yet. The really tricky part is figuring out how to put it back together. You\'re going to like this part best of all.""And you do. But you also can\'t help but notice Gillian Flynn is standing behind you the entire time. Peering over your shoulder. Making soft little satisfied sounds as she watches you muddle about with each step in the reconstruction. You can practically hear her smirking each time you make a little bit of progress. Good lord, she is all but poking you in the side as you finally fit the last few pieces into place and what lies before you on the table is, once again, a box. Only now you know what\'s inside, how all the tiny pieces have been sanded and molded and shaped just so, fitting together so perfectly. The box is, you have to admit, a damned impressive piece of engineering.""You can keep that if you like,"" she says. Smug grin again.Probably, you are never going to open it again. You\'ve already solved it. But you can think of about 10 people you want to give it to, to watch them try to puzzle it out too. To put them through the same brain-teasing torture.""That\'s fine too,"" Gillian Flynn says. ""I didn\'t really design it to be solved more than once.""""Yeah, no,"" you agree. ""But again: really nice job. Top-shelf craftsmanship.""You sit for a few minutes, staring at her, staring at the box.""So, um... do you have any more of these? Different ones?""""Actually..."" And now her smirk has spread to her eyes, because she has you now. She has you, and she knows it, and she\'s already reaching both hands behind her back, itching for the reveal.""I have two.""Show more', '**WARNING: THIS REVIEW CONTAINS EXPLICIT LANGUAGE, CAPS LOCK OF RAGE, AND OCCASIONAL SPOILERS (we will let you know when spoilers kick in). You have been warned.**Thea’s Take:(There will be spoilers, but I’ll give you warning when they kick in.)I started Gone Girl knowing only these things.Gone Girl is:A. One of the bestselling books of 2012, recipient of multiple awards from critics and readers alike, across genres and categories.B. Gillian Flynn’s latest novel, with a rumored HUGE twist somewhere in its 500 pages.C. Supposedly contains a razor-wire plot, and is some kind of examination of perfection, marriage, and murder in small town, Missouri.I finished the book in less than 24 hours, compulsively turning page after page, needing to know what would happen next, who to trust, how it would all end. And, at the end, I can add one more thing to the list of things I know about this book:D. A brilliantly written and plotted mystery, a miasma of wretchedness and hate; a book that I devoured but deeply, utterly abhorred.I will try to do this as spoiler-free as possible. Gone Girl is the alternating point-of-view, semi-epistolary novel that tells two stories about Nick and Amy. In the first story, Amy met Nick in 2005 and falls in love with him. They get married. It is blissful. Amy is the Best Possible Wife, she’s funny, and smart, and beautiful, and RICH. Things start to go sour, however, when Nick loses his job, and then Amy loses her job and her money, and they move to Nick’s small hometown of Middle of Nowhere, MO, to take care of Nick’s dying mother (cancer) and father (Alzheimer’s). Amy is attentive. She is supportive. She still loves the idea of her husband, though she knows things are falling apart. Nick becomes abusive, hateful, hurtful. And then Amy disappears – just, gone without a trace. In this first story, Nick is Amy’s foil and tells his version of events, after Amy’s disappearance. In his narrative, Amy is brilliant and beautiful, but also controlling, resentful, and hateful. Their marriage is a sham. Amy’s disappearance puts Nick in the crosshairs of the police as the killer – and as the days after Amy’s disappearance pass, the evidence against Nick mounts.And then there’s the second story – and therein lie spoilers. Because everything we think we know about Amy and Nick? It’s wrong. Amy is not who we think she is, and Nick is…well, ok Nick is still douchetastically pathetic. In this second story, we learn more about this toxic couple from hell, and the pit of spite and grief that is their marriage.Like the novel’s dual plot, I’m of two minds when it comes to Gone Girl.On the one side, I can appreciate Gillian Flynn’s skill as a writer. She creates two (ok, three) characters that are completely distinct, and she alternates these points of view with incredible deftness and ease, building a complex narrative – a complex crime – that is deeply disturbing but brilliantly executed. The big “twist” is perhaps not such a twist (you kind of expect it, or you at least know that something is going to happen, that you aren’t playing with a full deck of cards), but it’s done really, really well. The first part of the book makes you question what you know about these characters, their lives and their secrets. Everyone is unreliable, everything is questionable. This is all really fucking good.But then, there’s the other side of Gone Girl: the badness, the utter RIDICULOUSNESS of certain developments, the hate that pervades the novel to its rotten-apple core. This, I did not like. I detested the characters, from the unparalleled pathetic misogynistic doucheparade that is Nick to the many different iterations of the “brilliant” Amy. I hated the way the story develops in the second part of the book, and I especially hated the way that it ends. I hated the pointlessness of the story – why does it need to be told? What does it accomplish? What does it say about us, as people?And here come the **SPOILERS** because certain things need to be SAID:Nick. I can’t really waste too much space on Nick, because he is wholly and utterly pathetic. He whines, he pretends, he is so full of incompetence and ennui and self-important horseshit. He lost his job because TEH INTERWEBS ARE EVIL. No, seriously, he’s unemployed because *whines* people don’t read REAL magazines anymore and the BLOGS are killing everything and these HACKS are destroying the printed word and he’s a REAL JOURNALIST and goddammit he’s someone IMPORTANT and why can’t anyone else understand that? He’s GORGEOUS and all the women want to jump on his disco stick, and Nick hates them all for it – women are just things to him. They are cunts, or psycho bitches, or trying too hard (these are all Nick’s words, of course). He wants to be a MAN and Amy – brilliant, beautiful, spoiled, vindictive, Amy – has stolen that from him. And then, that psycho bitch Amy fucks with Nick’s life, and Nick has to figure out how to prove his innocence because all of a sudden NICK IS THE GOOD GUY.Which brings me to Amy. It turns out that Amy is not the eager to please doormat that she presents herself as in the first part of the book. No, she is an honest to goodness sociopath that has elaborately planned and framed her cheating pathetic loser of a husband for her death. It’s not the first time, either! She’s ruined female friends, and men that have DARED to cross her/make her unhappy (by claiming RAPE, or that people are obsessed with her, and so on and so forth). Amy is brilliant and vindictive, cruel and efficient in her mastermind scheme to bring Nick DOWN. As sick as it is, I actually liked the first twist: Amy’s edge, revealed in the second part of the book, when we find out Amy is alive and that everything she’s written in the first part of the book is a lie. But then, everything starts to unravel and Amy is made out to be not only a people-hating manipulating sociopath, but a completely incompetent one, to boot – she is suckered into a relationship with her neighbors while she’s in hiding and is robbed for all her money (she only lasts for 9 days before she’s robbed! COME ON!). She BELIEVES Nick when he goes on TV and earnestly pleads for his wife to come home, so she does it just like that. Are you fucking kidding me? THESE are the actions of the same methodical, patient mind that came up with this elaborate revenge scheme against her husband? I repeat: ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME?She then fucks, and kills, and makes her way back into her husband’s life. She then TRAPS her husband into silence and complacence with a Miracle Baby (it’s a BOY of course!) and that makes Nick stay with her forever and always.And that is the end of Gone Girl.There are plenty of other problems, too, but Ana has covered them all, below. Frankly, I’m exhausted, and I don’t want to waste any more time or thought on this novel.I’m done writing now.Ana’s Take:(SPOILERS AHOY)Gone Girl is one of the most ridiculous books I have ever read, one that comes with an inordinate amount of hype and disguised as a “clever”, “dark”, twisterific thriller that supposedly deals with serious shit like “when a marriage go bad”.It follows the story of Nick and Amy’s marriage. It opens on the day of their fifth anniversary, the day when Amy goes missing. Soon – as these things go – the investigators start to focus on the husband. But is Nick guilty? Did he really kill his wife? If not, what happened to Amy?It’s divided in three parts and in part one, the narrative alternates between Nick’s first person narrative as he deals with Amy’s disappearance and Amy’s journal. As the plot progresses, their story is slowly revealed to the reader:Amy is a WEALTHY, BRILLIANT, BEAUTIFUL, COOL New Yorker whose parents write the Amazing Amy children stories. Nick is a BRILLIANT, HANDSOME journalist writing about pop culture for a magazine. Until Nick lost his job (because the INTERNET IS EVIL), Amy lost hers, and they need to move to Nick’s hometown in Missouri to take care of his sick mother. Their marriage was already shaky but it’s in Missouri that things start to really fall part between them. This part of the story is basically about Privileged White People’s Problems and both come across as entitled WANKERS – especially the aloof man-child Nick who, once his marriage starts to fall apart and money problems hit them, cheats on his wife with a much younger girl (his student). It would be a very familiar and trite story except for the fact that Amy’s journal entries start to show a different side of Nick: one that is increasingly abusive and scary. All of a sudden and in spite of Nick’s protestations, it is obvious that he is hiding something and he might after all, be guilty.Then comes part 2 and the twist: Amy knew that Nick had been cheating on her and for the past year she created this elaborate plan to disappear and frame Nick for her “killing” as vengeance. As such, her diaries entries are all faked concoctions. It becomes clear then that Amy is really, a psychopath. Parts two and three deal with Amy’s attempted revenge, Nick’s realisation of how far his wife really will go, all leading to the eventual showdown between them as Nick wants her back so he can clear his name and maybe kill her or something equally unpleasant.Gone Girl almost had me there for a while – I can vouch for how incredibly readable and engaging it is. I could not put it down and I had to find out what was going to happen to these people. I also thought that structurally speaking – with the alternating unreliable narratives – the novel was competent. It was also a success in the way that it portrayed its two deeply unpleasant, unlikeable main characters. The reader is supposed to despise these people, and loathe them I certainly did although it made for a fucking unpleasant reading experience. Plus, really, these types of “dark” characters BORE ME TO DEATH. But ok fine, this is a very personal reaction.The thing is: because the two narratives don’t exactly fit together in part one, it is obvious that at least one of them is an unreliable narrator, possibly the two. And if a reader is used to reading epistolary novels, unreliable narrators and thrillers, it is easy to know that a twist is coming. Considering all this, is the main twist even that surprising?That said, this is not my main point of contention with the novel. The recurring themes are what give me pause for thought.It is possible to argue that the one of the main themes of Gone Girl is its thoughtful examination of marriage difficulties; or to question how well two people can really know each other or allow the other to know you and, unfair expectations. The problem is: the novel cannot possibly be indicative of all marriages or a heartfelt exploration of this theme because NOT EVERYBODY IS A VINDICTIVE PSYCHOPATH OR A WHINNY MAN-CHILD WITH SOCIOPATHIC TENDENCIES. Unless you know, you want argue that one can never know who one has married because maybe, just maybe your husband/wife is planning RIGHT NOW to fake-kill themselves and frame you because you didn’t wash the dishes after dinner that one time. SO you know, BE CAREFUL. This means that the book only really works on its own microcosm of darkness.Another recurring theme throughout is the question of misogyny. Nick’s father is a deeply misogynistic character and Nick hates his father and lives under the constant fear that he too, might be misogynistic. This is really interesting in the way that it explores the difficulty in getting away from one’s upbringing. Amy on the other hand, is presented as a (kind of) feminist with her astute observations about social gender constructs by constantly calling on the bullshit of unfair social expectations around her gender. So on a cursory glance one could argue that the book is feminist. I’d argue against that. WHOLEHEARTEDLY.What else could I argue when the only obvious feminist character turns out to be a psychopath who HATES EVERY OTHER WOMAN she knows, lies about having being raped, about being stalked and eventually “traps” her husband by becoming pregnant. When the entire story is eventually contrived to show Amy as the True Villain and Nick as the one Nice Guy (despite his aloofness, his cheating, his lies and his manipulative strike) who is not REALLY a misogynist because he doesn’t hate ALL FUCKING BITCHES, he only hates his PSYCHO BITCH wife (his choice of words, not mine, by the way). He is also the one who in the end, needs to contain the psycho bitch by staying with her and helping her bringing up their child. So then all of a sudden this passive-aggressive, liar, stunted, cheater is the HERO?HAHAHA: NO.And you could argue that these PEOPLE ARE HORRID and so of course, it all makes sense. But the NARRATIVE SUPPORTS ALL THIS SHITNESS by presenting every other woman in this novel as HORRIBLE PEOPLE TOO, without nuance. Well, apart from the two obviously good characters who are sympathetic TOWARD NICK: there is this one female cop who just “knows” he must be innocent and his own twin sister who is DUH OBVIOUSLY, so perfect and of course unlike any other woman. Plus, the one guy that Amy has accused of rape turns out to be innocent because really, he is just a Nice Guy and we all know that only ALPHA GUYS are rapists. Nice Guys are NEVER RAPISTS. EVER.HAHAHA: NO.Not to mention that the book COMPLETELY lacks internal logic. The one main thread of the book, the one point that is laboriously written through the first two parts is how Amy is incredibly smart and brilliant. She has to be, in order to manipulate, concoct and maintain all the plans she has over the course of her short life. But then get this, right? Nick concocts his own plan to make Amy change her mind and come back. And his plan consists of appearing live on TV and saying that he forgives her, that he understands who she really is and he loves her anyway. That’s his plan. AND IT WORKS. Amy – psychopath, brilliant Amy – has a change of heart almost as immediately as she watches his interview. And that’s because according to Nick, Amy lacks a “bullshit detector”. BUT the first half of the book was all about setting up and making sure we understood how much of a bullshit detector Amy actually had.So which one is it? Either she is a brilliant psychopath or a gullible idiot. SHE CAN NOT BE BOTH, BOOK.And I am going to nitpick too: Nick is in his early thirties buy he sounds fucking ancient. Like the whole whinny “the internet killed my career” thing when he is at the right age to actually know how to take advantage of the Internet? Please.In summation: I devoured Gone Girl but I fucking hated it.Show more', 'Gone girl: a novel, Gillian FlynnThe first part of the novel centers on Nick Dunne and his wife Amy\'s marriage. Its point of view alternates between that of Nick and Amy, whose perspectives on their marriage are very different.For example, Nick describes the couple\'s relationship in the present day, while Amy\'s diary entries depict their relationship in the past. When Nick and Amy both lose their jobs in New York City, they relocate to Nick\'s hometown in North Carthage, Missouri, to help take care of Nick\'s sick mother.This causes their marriage to take a turn: Amy loved their life in New York, hates living in the Midwest, and soon begins to resent Nick for making her move to his hometown. On their wedding anniversary, Amy disappears without a trace, and Nick eventually becomes a suspect in her disappearance. Among other reasons, his lack of emotion about Amy\'s disappearance and the discovery that Amy was pregnant when she went missing lead both the police and the public to believe that Nick may have murdered his wife.In the second half of the book, the reader learns that the main characters are unreliable narrators and that the reader is not being given all of the information. Nick is revealed to have been cheating on his wife, and Amy is revealed to be alive and in hiding and trying to frame Nick for her ""death"" as revenge for his perceived wrongs against her. Her pregnancy and her diary entries are revealed to be fake; Amy fabricated them in order to incriminate Nick further. However, her plan is foiled when she is robbed at the motel she is hiding in. Desperate, she seeks help from her ex-boyfriend Desi Collings, who agrees to hide her in his lake house but soon becomes possessive, causing Amy to feel trapped. ...تاریخ نخستین خوانش: روز بیست و نهم ماه جولای سال 2016میلادیعنوان: دختر گمشده؛ اثر: گیلیان فیلین؛ مترجم آرش خیروی؛ مشخصات نشر تهران، انتشارات میلکان، 1393، در 550ص، شابک 9786007443255؛ موضوع: داستانهای نویسندگان ایالات متحده آمریکا - سده 21مدختر گمشده؛ رمانی با ژانری نو، و دلهره\u200c آور، اثر «گیلیان فلین» است؛ که نخستین بار در سال 2012میلادی منتشر شده است؛ فیلم «دختر گم\u200cشده» نیز، به کارگردانی «دیوید فینچر»؛ اقتباسی از همین رمان است؛ که در سال 2014میلادی ساخته شده است؛ هر فصل از رمان، از نگاه یکی از دو شخصیت («نیک دان» یا «ایمی دان») بازگویی میشود؛ خوانشگر هماره میخواهد، تا حقایق برایش فاش شوند؛ حقایقی که از همان صبح روز پنجمین سالگرد ازدواج «نیک دان» و «ایمی» آغاز؛ و هماره خوانشگر را، به دنبال واژه های نویسنده، میدواند، تا بلکه خوانشگر نیز بداند و بداند که میداند؛ نویسنده، نخست «ایمی» همسر «دان» را، ناپدید میکند، تا رسانه ها جنجال کنند، و «نیک» را قاتل همسر، در گزارش خویش بدانند؛ چرا؟ چون همین زن و شوهر، در دوران رکود اقتصادی، کار و شغل خویش از دست داده اند؛ و زندگی آنها آشفته بازاری بوده، و ...؛ داستان بسیار پرکشش است؛تاریخ بهنگام رسانی 24/05/1399هجری خورشیدی؛ 06/05/1400هجری خورشیدی؛ ا. شربیانیShow more', 'You know those books that are a complete chore to read? The ones you\'ll do anything -- playing Words with Friends, cleaning the house, scrubbing toilets -- to avoid reading? Then a few weeks go by and you\'ve gotten dumber, because in doing your damnedest to avoid reading said book, menial tasks have turned your brain to mush?Yeah.Gone Girl has gone to my ""sucked"" shelf. Look. If I want to hear about bored, unhappily married people, I\'ll talk to my married friends or delve into something by a capable writer. If I want horror and suspense, I\'ll drop all pretenses and hit up the master. I can\'t deal with a slow-moving plot about a neurotic suburban housewife and her (justifiably) distant husband. I can\'t deal with lines like ""She blew more smoke toward me, a lazy game of cancer catch,"" or ""When I think of my wife, I always think of her head....It was what the Victorians would call a finely-shaped head."" (Hey, Gillian, next time you write from a male point of view, try to remember that guys notice T&A and not the shape of a woman\'s head. GAHHHHHD!) Then there\'s the issue with the character named Margo, or Go for short. What a pain in the ass when sentences start with her name. It seems like a verb, then you go on to realize that it\'s the chick with the annoying name. i.e., ""Go walked across the bar,"" ""Go loves to read,"" ""Go was now pantomiming dick-slapping my wife."" Right. I just couldn\'t take it any more.SUCKED.Show more', ""This book was such a mindfuck and I've never read anything like it before."", ' She can do everything, she can be anyone. She is simply... Amazing.  In this novel we learn the story of ""Amazing Amy"". An extraordinary woman that for unknown reasons disappears from her cherished cozy home. An open door and a big mess is the only thing that is left in her place. Nick, her beloved and dearest husband, will be left perplexed with doubt about if it is a kidnapping, the scene of a terrible crime... or something else.Several similarities with ""The Girl on the Train"" by Paula Hawkins. The diachronic style, the constant coming and going between the views of the different characters, and, to a certain extent, even the theme. And, like the aforementioned book, as gripping as few others. It creates that delicious addiction of wanting to know what is going to happen next, and several surprises that guarantee more than one plot twist. Highly recommendable. Amy is certainly a character that one can hardly ever forget in a lifetime. She is in many ways, for very different reasons, plainly and simply: ""Amazing"". Disturbingly Amazing.**** The movie is an excellent adaptation of the book, capturing much of its spirit. Most of the praising goes to the brilliant performance of Rosamund Pike, that got almost to the letter the ""Amazing Amy"" personality. Still, even so, the book felt superior. Certain differences, although minuscule, were noticed. But in the world of book-to-film adaptations, Gone Girl holds a very prestigious place. And very well deserved.-----------------------------------------------\nPERSONAL NOTE\n: [2012] [415p] [Thriller] [Highly Recommendable] ----------------------------------------------- Puede hacer todo, puede ser cualquiera. Ella es simplemente... Asombrosa.  En esta novela conocemos la historia de ""Asombrosa Amy"". Una extraordinaria mujer que por razones desconocidas desaparece de su muy querido y acogedor hogar. Una puerta abierta y un gran desorden es lo único que queda en su lugar. Nick, su amado y preciado esposo, quedará perplejo ante la duda de si trata de un secuestro, la escena de algún terrible crimen... o algo más.Varias semejanzas con ""La chica del tren"" de Paula Hawkins. El estilo diacrónico, el constante ir y venir entre las vidas de los distintos personajes, y en cierta medida hasta la temática. Y al igual que el mencionado libro, es atrapante como pocos. Genera esa deliciosa adicción de querer saber que es lo va a suceder después y varias sorpresas que aseguran darte vuelta la trama más de una vez. Muy recomendable.Amy es ciertamente un personaje que probablemente uno jamás en la vida puede llegar a olvidar. Es de varias formas, por muy diversas razones, lisa y llanamente: ""Asombrosa"". Perturbadoramente Asombrosa.**** La película es una excelente adaptación del libro, capturando mucho de su espíritu. Los laureles principalmente se los lleva la brillante actuación de Rosamund Pike, que capturó casi a la letra la personalidad de ""Asombrosa Amy"". Por supuesto, aún así el libro se sintió superior. Ciertas diferencias, aunque minúsculas, se notaron. Pero dentro del mundo de las adaptaciones de libros llevados al cine, Gone Girl ocupa un lugar prestigiado. Y muy bien merecido.-----------------------------------------------\nNOTA PERSONAL\n: [2012] [415p] [Thriller] [Altamente Recomendable] -----------------------------------------------Show more', ""Twisty like a pretzel, dark like unadulterated chocolate, and as compelling as a twisted car wreck, this thriller delivers! On their fifth anniversary, Nick and Amy's marriage implodes when Amy goes missing and Nick is hardly as distraught as he ought to be. Too much plot summary would detract from the pleasure of reading the book for yourself. Suffice it to say, this is one psychological mind bender accompanied by witty, incisive, laser beam writing; if you like that type of thriller, this one is a bomb. Gillian Flynn has launched herself into the big league. I loved it, though it might not be for everybody.Show more"", 'Hail to the Hogarth Shakespeare series, where the Bard\'s works are retold by a number of today\'s acclaimed novelists. Among those published within the series to date: Margaret Atwood - The Tempest, Jo Nesbø - Macbeth and Anne Tyler - The Taming of the Shrew. Gillian Flynn is on the docket for Hamlet, my absolute favorite Shakespeare play. In order to familiarize myself with Ms. Flynn\'s writing before I dive into her rendition of Hamlet, I had the pleasure of reading Gone Girl. Gone Girl is one of the most popular novels here on Goodreads (nearly 2 million ratings; over 125,000 reviews) and the 2014 film starring Ben Affleck and Rosamund Pike achieved blockbuster status. Although nearly everyone acknowledges Gone Girl is a page-turner, reviews have been mixed and extreme, judging the book as either very bad or very good. Leading the list for Gone Girl as bad book we have unlikable, superficial characters, an unending sewer of psycho babble and parodies of the writing style (there\'s even a parody book - Gone Bitch). Addressing one aspect of the negativity, Gillian Flynn said: ""If you are someone who reads books to feel like you have a friend on the page, my book is not going to be the book for you."" A sampling of Gone Girl as good book features: stunning chiller, astounding twists, irresistible characters. Furthermore, Gone Girl was a New York Times Book of the Year. And in her New York Times book review, Janet Maslin raved: ""Gone Girl is Ms. Flynn\'s dazzling breakthrough. It is wily, mercurial, subtly layered and populated by characters so well imagined that they\'re hard to part with."" Likewise, Alison Flood in The Guardian: ""Flynn, an extraordinarily good writer, plays her readers with the finesse and delicacy of an expert angler...Thriller of the year. An absolute must read."" Fanfare with toy trumpets and kazoos: you can count me among those judging Gone Girl a very good novel. Although, I must admit, I am partial when novels are written with multiple narrators, or, what I refer to as rotating first person. Gillian Flynn\'s novel has two alternating narrators: husband Nick and wife Amy. I\'m also fond of narrators who are unreliable and thus infuse the story with great suspense. Seen in this way, on a scale of ten, Gone Girl rates a ten. And that\'s just for starters. Other aspects I especially enjoyed: 1) the sophisticated layering of character for both Amy and Nick, 2) penetrating insights on the current state of American class, culture and society, and 3) the ways in which the novel incorporates the pervasive influence of mass media. Turning to these one at a time: AMY ELLIOTT DUNNE In the very first chapters we hear the voice of Amy but this turns out to be only Diary Amy. Deeper into the story we come across Avenging Amy, Ozark Amy, Nearly True Amy, layer after layer. Amy is exceedingly bright, degrees from both Harvard and Yale where she studied psychology. She was exploited as a child and adolescent, her mother and father made rich via publishing Amazing Amy books that tracked her growing up year by year. Family, friends and society in general expected Amy to be as perfect as her fictional twin. Bad news, folks – she’s only human. Ironically, her soulmate, Nick, whom she married when she was 33, also has a twin, twin sister Margo. NICK DUNNEMissouri boy come to New York to pursue his career as magazine journalist. Nick marries Amy when he’s 29 and a few years thereafter loses his job. Hearing from his sister Margo that their mother is sick and needs help, he decides to move back with Amy. Nick’s parents divorced and his abiding memory as a boy is of his women-hating father. Fun fact: Nick tells us Amy read Haruki Murakami’s The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle on a Fiji beach during their honeymoon. Too bad Nick didn’t take more interest in Amy\'s novel: it features a wife who runs away! One of the more appealing parts of the story is watching Nick jolted into the need to transform. CLASS, CULTURE, SOCIETYIt’s the clash of high life New York City versus unemployed, dopesick, rundown small town Middle America. NYC born and bred Amy’s first words on entering their house in an ugly, deserted development: “Should I remove my soul before I come inside?” And Nick admits that Amy considered being forced to reside in Zeroville (my name for Nick’s sour home town of Carthage) as “a punishing whim on my part, a nasty, selfish twist of the knife.” The once thriving mall is shut down and is now occupied by an army of homeless, hopeless, unemployed men and women addicted to drugs such as oxycontin. Nick’s reflection during his search of the mall one night: “Carthage had a bigger drug epidemic that I ever knew: The cops had been here just yesterday, and already the druggies had resettled, like determined flies. As we made our way through the piles of humans, an obese woman shushed up to us on an electric scooter. Her face was pimply and wet with sweat, her teeth catlike.” Amy’s father Rand tells Nick: “When Amy talked about moving back here, back along the Ole Mississippi River, with you, I pictured . . . green, farmland, apple trees, and those great old red barns. I have to tell you, it’s really quite ugly here. I can’t think of a single thing of beauty in this whole town.” Ugly, ugly, ugly – the more I read, the more I was surprised Amy lasted two whole years before her exit. The main story, of course, is Amy and Nick, but Gone Girl also makes a bold statement on the sorry condition of American economics and society. In this way, similar to Colin Harrison’s You Belong To Me, Gillian Flynn’s novel could be used as a supplemental text for a course in sociology. MASS MEDIAFollowing Nick’s reporting Amy’s disappearance, a barrage of reporters, cameras and microphones converge on the scene. Instantly, Nick and everyone else involved in the case, including the police, not only have a flesh-and-blood identity but also a public media identity – and, in many way, the media identity is of primary importance. Initially Nick comes off as an insensitive, unfeeling lout. When more facts in the case surface, the media portray him as a murderer who has been unfaithful to his wife. Realizing he could face serious jail time and even the death sentence, Nick hires savvy Big Apple lawyer Tanner Bolt. As Tanner explains, “The media has saturated the legal environment. With the Internet, Facebook, YouTube, there’s no such thing as an unbiased jury anymore. . . . So why not use it – control the story.” Why not, indeed. With the help of Tanner’s coaching and leaning on his past experience as a journalist, the TV audience will be treated to a new Nick Dunne. And Nick can see what happens when someone doesn’t have the capacity to work the media to their own advantage. Jacqueline Collins, mother of the man cast as the bad guy, doesn’t stand a chance insisting on her son’s innocence when interviewed on national TV. “She always started off steady, but her mother’s love worked against her. She soon came across as a grieving woman desperate to believe the best of her son, and the more the hosts pitied her, the more she snapped and snarled, and the more unsympathetic she became. She got written off quickly.” Meanwhile, three guesses who can REALLY work the media to their advantage. Make that one guess – Amy. Brilliant, clever, beautiful, exceptionally well-spoken, forever camera ready and, oh so manipulative, by using the media Amy has finally outpaced fictional Amazing Amy in being truly amazing. AMY ELLIOTT DUNNE, THE LAST WORDAmy gets the last word in Gone Girl and she gets the last word here. It is now 2018 and Amy and Nick are back living on the top floor of a spanking new Brooklyn condo overlooking the Manhattan skyline. Of course they are wealthy following the return of Amy\'s trust fund money and the successful launch of her book Amazing. And more good news: not only do they have a bright, lively little boy but also an even brighter little girl. Amy continues to write. As does Nick, who has published his first novel, a love story which is now on the best seller list. Nick wasn\'t surprised - after all, he has a brilliant, amazing editor. Does this sound like the improbable combination of Lady Macbeth and a happily ever after fairy tale? You bet it does. Thank you, Gillian!  ""I have a book deal: I am officially in control of our story. It feels wonderfully symbolic. Isn\'t that what every marriage is, anyway? Just a lengthy game of he-said, she-said? Well, she is saying, and the world will listen, and Nick will have to smile and agree. I will write him the way I want him to be: romantic and thoughtful and very very repentant - about the credit cards and the purchases and the woodshed. If I can\'t get him to say it out loud, he\'ll say it in my book. Then he\'ll come on tour with me and smile and smile."" - Gillian Flynn, Gone GirlShow more', ""Ah, marriage.The story of Nick and Amy is a tale that is as old as time.A song as old as rhyme, etc. etc. etc..Two crazy, adorable kids meet & fall into a passionate love affair.Then, of course, they enter into holy matrimony. But once that new car smell wears off?Some rather interesting things happen.  I think it's so nice when books show us that couples can work out their relationship problems in a healthy way.That ending. So tender. So sweet.So. Yeah. This was a weird little story.Of course, I already knew the main spoiler going in, but it was still a fun audiobook and both narrators were great.I think the Hubs & I should rent the movie on our next date night. Because nothing says romance like putting the fear of God in your spouse, right?Show more"", '*5 Stars!*While it feels a bit off referring to this deeply deranged book as a ""fun read"", that\'s exactly what I\'m gonna call it. Because for the time spent reading, this book entirely owned me. My focus, my world, my thoughts, were swept away by these insanely unrivaled characters and the darkness of their story. And the suspense of it all left me in a constant state of guessing — straight to its twisted end.Gone Girl is not a happy, feel-good love story with just a few bumps in an otherwise silky road. Nope. This road is paved in despair and carries you on an intense journey of whodunit\'s, how\'s, and why\'s. The solemn tone is very often lightened with humor, slapping on a thick coat of irony along the way...Yes, this IS all very sick, but the snarky narration has me laughing anyway. The characters are complex and (being generous here) barely likable, but I did feel tiny traces of empathy and sadness for them.However, this book isn\'t about falling in love with its characters, but simply gaining an addictive interest in their story - a haunting story that will confuse you, sadden you, sicken you, surprise you, and gravely entertain you in the process. It\'s rich in suspense and tight in execution. No holes. No gaps. Nothing overlooked. Just when you think you\'ve figured out where the plot is heading, you\'ll find yourself guessing again. Even the elements I had figured out were drastically more intense than I\'d imagined. And I must gush over the writing because that\'s honestly what held me captive most: Witty, intelligent, insightful, descriptive, original. Long sentences, with choppy thoughts, and it all fit perfectly. I felt the anxiety of this story. I lived it. And I *saw* it because this author?? GENUIS at painting a mental picture. \nSo here\'s a very spoiler-free gist of the story\n...After five years of what has now become a shaky marriage, Nick\'s wife goes missing leaving Nick the prime suspect in her sudden disappearance. Nick is a man of little outward emotion who eats his pain as to not let others see his imperfections. He\'s a chameleon of a man who would sooner suffocate himself with lies before breathing a single truth that might condemn him. But he soon finds himself condemned anyway, as the truths slowly begin to unravel. This story is told in dual perspectives that oscillate between past and present. I loved the structure; I loved the delivery, and I loved not knowing what was hiding around each corner. I realize there is some controversy over this story\'s ending, and while I won\'t reveal any details, I will say that I found it to be neither a disappointment nor a knock-your-socks-off grand finale. Instead, I found it a rather fitting scenario that just made sense in relation to the overall tone of the story. If you\'re wondering why I thought the ending was so apt, here\'s my reasoning: (Although only click if you\'ve read the book. *MAJOR SPOILER*)...With a relationship as destructive as Nick\'s and Amy\'s, I felt their decision to stick together and suffer through their own toxic romance worked. Here we have two demented individuals who fulfill the other\'s needs COMPLETELY: Nick\'s need for perfection and acceptance, and Amy\'s desperate need to WIN and be worshipped whether it\'s genuine or not. I found the fact they remained together SO tragic that it was almost comical. In this case, a glorified ending of redemption just would have felt forced and too \'happy\' for this bitter tale.People want their characters to obtain a proper justice...to get what they had coming. But, after all Nick and Amy have done, do they not BOTH deserve one another in the end? This was my first Gillian Flynn read, and I anxiously look forward to more from this author!\n\n\nBook Stats:\n▪\t Genre/Category: Mystery/Adult▪\t Graphic Scenes: Mild▪ Romance: Not a romance▪\t Characters: Well fleshed out and vivid. ▪\t Plot: A suspenseful search for a man\'s missing wife with tons of twists.▪ Writing: Impeccable. Humorous. Witty. Captivating.▪ POV: 1st person. Dual perspectives. ▪\t Cliffhanger: None/Standalone▪ HEA?  Not exactly, but fitting\n\n\n\nShow more', 'I\'ve been completely fangirling over Gillian Flynn since her debut Sharp Objects six years ago. It remains one of my all-time-favorites, along with Flynn\'s sophomore novel Dark Places. No one writes the inner workings of warped and damaged human psychology better than this woman. With complete conviction I place her in the same category alongside the likes of Flannery O\'Connor and Shirley Jackson. Flynn has a devilish, uncanny flair for creating memorable characters and twisty plots that drive down unexpected roads shrouded in fog the end of which you cannot see until you\'re smack upon it. So you can bet I\'ve been anxiously awaiting this latest release with agonized, bated breath. Despite missing some of the texture and nuances of her first two books, this time out Flynn has offered up a bonafide page turner of the sordid, sensationalist kind that makes summer reading oh-so-sweet. Trust me when I say, if you\'re only going to take one book to the beach or cottage this summer, it\'s gotta be Gone Girl. I\'m also going to encourage you to avoid all reviews (except this one, haha!) before you pick this up. Even more than her other novels, Gone Girl is so easy to spoil. Which is why I\'m going to say very little about the actual inner workings of the story itself. And if I feel the need to get even close to doing that, be rest assured it will be put behind a spoiler tag.A list of lovables:Narrative voice: What makes Gone Girl such a compulsive read is the alternating points of view. Dueling voices in any novel can result in epic fail, especially when the voices are so similar as to be indistinguishable. If you\'re going to tell the story from different points of view, you better make sure the points of view are actually...different. I don\'t think I\'ve ever seen alternating voices handled so effectively as they are here with husband Nick and wife Amy. As you read, you begin to wonder if either of these narrators are in the least reliable, if you\'re perhaps not getting full disclosure after all. I absolutely adored that pernicious doubt and shifting sympathies. It\'s like watching nature programs that can be shot to make you cheer for the wolf pack one week, and for the moose the week after. Is this manipulative? You bet it is! But trust me, being manipulated by a master like Flynn is sheer delight. Media as judge, jury and executioner: C\'mon, we all know it don\'t we? Murder suspects of every sort and circumstance are tried first in the media and found guilty or innocent before the case ever makes it to trial. Before an arrest is even made, pundits, ""news"" anchors and bloggers put forth his or her theories and ""insights"" decrying yay or nay. You\'ve seen Nancy Grace at work, haven\'t you? Flynn does a wonderful job here of dissecting our at times unhealthy, obsessive appetite for the sordid. How our voracious consumption of mass media provokes sympathy or outrage, how easily we are influenced to see a person as a saint or a devil. Innocent until proven guilty? Not so much these days. And good luck finding an impartial jury. Change of venue? With the meteoric rise of social media, you would have to go all the way to Mars in some instances in order to enlist ""untainted"" jurors. The only thing humans do with more abandon and conviction than fall in love is fall out of love: Love is grand, marriage can be a beautiful, wonderful thing...except when it isn\'t. The rise and fall of any relationship carries within it the potential to be staggering in scope and severity. What we once adored about one another, we now loathe. What we lingered over and savored to the last sub-atomic particle, we now want to obliterate from our awareness, pull an eternal sunshine of the spotless mind if you please. Oh yeah, I think we\'ve all been there. More than anything, Flynn is putting gender relations and the perils of romance under a microscope, and her scrutiny doesn\'t miss a thing. It\'s tawdry, and titillating, and twisted, and didn\'t I already say the perfect effing read for this summer??? You bet. The only fly in the ointment here is that Flynn manages heaping amounts of sensational, but only moderate traces of substance. This novel\'s engine runs on the nitroglycerin of shocking twists and the suspension of disbelief. Flynn largely ignores the gritty demands of realism here as they will only act as sugar in the gasoline, binding and stalling a story that has taken flight like a jet-fueled rocket bound for stratospheric heights. When you are strapped on to that rocket, you won\'t be worrying about realism though. Or subtleties. You\'ll be banging on the table like Harry\'s Sally screaming - yes! yes! oh YES! Except in this case, you\'ll mean it. I didn\'t have to fake a single thing :) Show more']"
48,City of Ashes,"Also see: Alternate Cover Editions for this ISBN [ACE]  
ACE #1
Clary Fray just wishes that her life would go back to normal. But what's normal when you're a demon-slaying Shadowhunter, your mother is in a magically induced coma, and you can suddenly see Downworlders like werewolves, vampires, and faeries? If Clary left the world of the Shadowhunters behind, it would mean more time with her best friend, Simon, who's becoming more than a friend. But the Shadowhunting world isn't ready to let her go — especially her handsome, infuriating, newfound brother, Jace. And Clary's only chance to help her mother is to track down rogue Shadowhunter Valentine, who is probably insane, certainly evil — and also her father.To complicate matters, someone in New York City is murdering Downworlder children. Is Valentine behind the killings — and if he is, what is he trying to do? When the second of the Mortal Instruments, the Soul-Sword, is stolen, the terrifying Inquisitor arrives to investigate and zooms right in on Jace. How can Clary stop Valentine if Jace is willing to betray everything he believes in to help their father?In this breathtaking sequel to City of Bones, Cassandra Clare lures her readers back into the dark grip of New York City's Downworld, where love is never safe and power becomes the deadliest temptation.",2008,Cassandra Clare,34531,885741,453,Fantasy,4.12,[]
49,Freakonomics,"Which is more dangerous, a gun or a swimming pool? What do schoolteachers and sumo wrestlers have in common? Why do drug dealers still live with their moms? How much do parents really matter? What kind of impact did Roe v. Wade have on violent crime? Freakonomics will literally redefine the way we view the modern world.These may not sound like typical questions for an economist to ask. But Steven D. Levitt is not a typical economist. He is a much heralded scholar who studies the stuff and riddles of everyday life -- from cheating and crime to sports and child rearing -- and whose conclusions regularly turn the conventional wisdom on its head. He usually begins with a mountain of data and a simple, unasked question. Some of these questions concern life-and-death issues; others have an admittedly freakish quality. Thus the new field of study contained in this book: freakonomics.Through forceful storytelling and wry insight, Levitt and co-author Stephen J. Dubner show that economics is, at root, the study of incentives -- how people get what they want, or need, especially when other people want or need the same thing. In Freakonomics, they set out to explore the hidden side of ... well, everything. The inner workings of a crack gang. The truth about real-estate agents. The myths of campaign finance. The telltale marks of a cheating schoolteacher. The secrets of the Ku Klux Klan.What unites all these stories is a belief that the modern world, despite a surfeit of obfuscation, complication, and downright deceit, is not impenetrable, is not unknowable, and -- if the right questions are asked -- is even more intriguing than we think. All it takes is a new way of looking. Steven Levitt, through devilishly clever and clear-eyed thinking, shows how to see through all the clutter.Freakonomics establishes this unconventional premise: If morality represents how we would like the world to work, then economics represents how it actually does work. It is true that readers of this book will be armed with enough riddles and stories to last a thousand cocktail parties. But Freakonomics can provide more than that. It will literally redefine the way we view the modern world.(front flap)",2005,Steven D. Levitt,18358,817446,268,Nonfiction,4.00,[]
50,The Night Circus,"The circus arrives without warning. No announcements precede it. It is simply there, when yesterday it was not. Within the black-and-white striped canvas tents is an utterly unique experience full of breathtaking amazements. It is called Le Cirque des Rêves, and it is only open at night. But behind the scenes, a fierce competition is underway—a duel between two young magicians, Celia and Marco, who have been trained since childhood expressly for this purpose by their mercurial instructors. Unbeknownst to them, this is a game in which only one can be left standing, and the circus is but the stage for a remarkable battle of imagination and will. Despite themselves, however, Celia and Marco tumble headfirst into love—a deep, magical love that makes the lights flicker and the room grow warm whenever they so much as brush hands. True love or not, the game must play out, and the fates of everyone involved, from the cast of extraordinary circus performers to the patrons, hang in the balance, suspended as precariously as the daring acrobats overhead. Written in rich, seductive prose, this spell-casting novel is a feast for the senses and the heart.",2011,Erin Morgenstern,93848,884948,387,Fantasy,4.03,[]
51,The Corrections,"""The Corrections"" is a grandly entertaining novel for the new century - a comic, tragic masterpiece about a family breaking down in an age of easy fixes.After almost fifty years as a wife and mother, Enid Lambert is ready to have some fun. Unfortunately, her husband, Alfred, is losing his sanity to Parkinson's disease, and their children have long since flown the family nest to the catastrophes of their own lives. The oldest, Gary, a once-stable portfolio manager and family man, is trying to convince his wife and himself, despite clear signs to the contrary, that he is not clinically depressed. The middle child, Chip, has lost his seemingly secure academic job and is failing spectacularly at his new line of work. And Denise, the youngest, has escaped a disastrous marriage only to pour her youth and beauty down the drain of an affair with a married man - or so her mother fears. Desperate for some pleasure to look forward to, Enid has set her heart on an elusive goal: bringing her family together for one last Christmas at home. Stretching from the Midwest at midcentury to the Wall Street and Eastern Europe of today, ""The Corrections"" brings an old-fashioned world of civic virtue and sexual inhibitions into violent collision with the era of home surveillance, hands-off parenting, do-it-yourself mental healthcare, and globalised greed. Richly realistic, darkly hilarious, deeply humane, it confirms Jonathan Franzen as one of our most brilliant interpreters of American society and the American soul.",2001,Jonathan Franzen,10696,175181,653,Fiction,3.82,[]
52,The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao,"Things have never been easy for Oscar, a sweet but disastrously overweight, lovesick Dominican ghetto nerd. From his home in New Jersey, where he lives with his old-world mother and rebellious sister, Oscar dreams of becoming the Dominican J. R. R. Tolkien and, most of all, of finding love. But he may never get what he wants, thanks to the Fukœ—the curse that has haunted the Oscar's family for generations, dooming them to prison, torture, tragic accidents, and, above all, ill-starred love. Oscar, still waiting for his first kiss, is just its most recent victim. Diaz immerses us in the tumultuous life of Oscar and the history of the family at large, rendering with genuine warmth and dazzling energy, humor, and insight the Dominican-American experience, and, ultimately, the endless human capacity to persevere in the face of heartbreak and loss. A true literary triumph, The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao confirms Junot Diaz as one of the best and most exciting voices of our time.",2007,Junot Díaz,20826,254362,335,Fiction,3.89,[]
53,The Devil in the White City,"Murder, Magic, and Madness at the Fair That Changed AmericaErik Larson's gifts as a storyteller are magnificently displayed in this rich narrative of the master builder, the killer, and the great fair that obsessed them both.Two men, each handsome and unusually adept at his chosen work, embodied an element of the great dynamic that characterized America's rush toward the twentieth century. The architect was Daniel Hudson Burnham, the fair's brilliant director of works and the builder of many of the country's most important structures, including the Flatiron Building in New York and Union Station in Washington, D.C. The murderer was Henry H. Holmes, a young doctor who, in a malign parody of the White City, built his ""World's Fair Hotel"" just west of the fairgrounds—a torture palace complete with dissection table, gas chamber, and 3,000-degree crematorium. Burnham overcame tremendous obstacles and tragedies as he organized the talents of Frederick Law Olmsted, Charles McKim, Louis Sullivan, and others to transform swampy Jackson Park into the White City, while Holmes used the attraction of the great fair and his own satanic charms to lure scores of young women to their deaths. What makes the story all the more chilling is that Holmes really lived, walking the grounds of that dream city by the lake.The Devil in the White City draws the reader into a time of magic and majesty, made all the more appealing by a supporting cast of real-life characters, including Buffalo Bill, Theodore Dreiser, Susan B. Anthony, Thomas Edison, Archduke Francis Ferdinand, and others. In this book the smoke, romance, and mystery of the Gilded Age come alive as never before.",2003,Erik Larson,37853,635147,15,Nonfiction,4.00,[]
54,Bel Canto,"Somewhere in South America, at the home of the country's vice president, a lavish birthday party is being held in honor of the powerful businessman Mr. Hosokawa. Roxane Coss, opera's most revered soprano, has mesmerized the international guests with her singing. It is a perfect evening—until a band of gun-wielding terrorists takes the entire party hostage. But what begins as a panicked, life-threatening scenario slowly evolves into something quite different, a moment of great beauty, as terrorists and hostages forge unexpected bonds and people from different continents become compatriots, intimate friends, and lovers.",2001,Ann Patchett,17286,268700,318,Fiction,3.93,[]
55,The Thirteenth Tale,"All children mythologize their birth...So begins the prologue of reclusive author Vida Winter's collection of stories, which are as famous for the mystery of the missing thirteenth tale as they are for the delight and enchantment of the twelve that do exist. The enigmatic Winter has spent six decades creating various outlandish life histories for herself -- all of them inventions that have brought her fame and fortune but have kept her violent and tragic past a secret. Now old and ailing, she at last wants to tell the truth about her extraordinary life. She summons biographer Margaret Lea, a young woman for whom the secret of her own birth, hidden by those who loved her most, remains an ever-present pain. Struck by a curious parallel between Miss Winter's story and her own, Margaret takes on the commission. As Vida disinters the life she meant to bury for good, Margaret is mesmerized. It is a tale of gothic strangeness featuring the Angelfield family, including the beautiful and willful Isabelle, the feral twins Adeline and Emmeline, a ghost, a governess, a topiary garden and a devastating fire. Margaret succumbs to the power of Vida's storytelling but remains suspicious of the author's sincerity. She demands the truth from Vida, and together they confront the ghosts that have haunted them while becoming, finally, transformed by the truth themselves. The Thirteenth Tale is a love letter to reading, a book for the feral reader in all of us, a return to that rich vein of storytelling that our parents loved and that we loved as children. Diane Setterfield will keep you guessing, make you wonder, move you to tears and laughter and, in the end, deposit you breathless yet satisfied back upon the shore of your everyday life.",2006,Diane Setterfield,25656,303448,406,Fiction,3.97,[]
56,Marley and Me,"John and Jenny were young and deeply in love, with a perfect little house and not a care in the world. Then they brought home Marley, a wiggly yellow furball of a puppy. Life would never be the same.Marley quickly grew into an uncontrollable ninety-seven-pound steamroller of a Labrador retriever. Expelled from obedience school, even the tranquillisers prescribed by the vet couldn't stop him.Yet through the chaos and the hilarity, he won hearts and remained a steadfast model of devotion to his family, even when they were at their wits' end. Unconditional love, they would learn, comes in many forms.",2005,John Grogan,14691,463390,291,Nonfiction,4.14,[]
57,A Short History of Nearly Everything,"Bill Bryson describes himself as a reluctant traveller, but even when he stays safely at home he can't contain his curiosity about the world around him. ""A Short History of Nearly Everything"" is his quest to understand everything that has happened from the Big Bang to the rise of civilisation - how we got from there, being nothing at all, to here, being us. The ultimate eye-opening journey through time and space, revealing the world in a way most of us have never seen it before.",2003,Bill Bryson,14855,363731,544,Nonfiction,4.21,[]
58,Vampire Academy,"ONLY A TRUE BEST FRIEND CAN PROTECT YOU FROM YOUR IMMORTAL ENEMIES...Lissa Dragomir is a Moroi princess: a mortal vampire with a rare gift for harnessing the earth's magic. She must be protected at all times from Strigoi; the fiercest vampires - the ones who never die. The powerful blend of human and vampire blood that flows through Rose Hathaway, Lissa's best friend, makes her a dhampir. Rose is dedicated to a dangerous life of protecting Lissa from the Strigoi, who are hell-bent on making Lissa one of them.After two years of freedom, Rose and Lissa are caught and dragged back to St. Vladimir's Academy, a school for vampire royalty and their guardians-to-be, hidden in the deep forests of Montana. But inside the iron gates, life is even more fraught with danger... and the Strigoi are always close by.Rose and Lissa must navigate their dangerous world, confront the temptations of forbidden love, and never once let their guard down, lest the evil undead make Lissa one of them forever...",2007,Richelle Mead,25254,624517,332,Young Adult,4.11,[]
59,No Country for Old Men,"In his blistering new novel, Cormac McCarthy returns to the Texas-Mexico border, the setting of his famed Border Trilogy. The time is our own, when rustlers have given way to drug-runners and small towns have become free-fire zones. One day, Llewellyn Moss finds a pickup truck surrounded by a bodyguard of dead men. A load of heroin and two million dollars in cash are still in the back. When Moss takes the money, he sets off a chain reaction of catastrophic violence that not even the law–in the person of aging, disillusioned Sheriff Bell–can contain.As Moss tries to evade his pursuers–in particular a mysterious mastermind who flips coins for human lives–McCarthy simultaneously strips down the American crime novel and broadens its concerns to encompass themes as ancient as the Bible and as bloodily contemporary as this morning’s headlines. No Country for Old Men is a triumph.",2005,Cormac McCarthy,10009,177079,309,Fiction,4.14,[]
60,The Complete Persepolis,"Here, in one volume: Marjane Satrapi's best-selling, internationally acclaimed memoir-in-comic-strips.Persepolis is the story of Satrapi's unforgettable childhood and coming of age within a large and loving family in Tehran during the Islamic Revolution; of the contradictions between private and public life in a country plagued by political upheaval; of her high school years in Vienna facing the trials of adolescence far from her family; of her homecoming—both sweet and terrible; and, finally, of her self-imposed exile from her beloved homeland. It is the chronicle of a girlhood and adolescence at once outrageous and familiar, a young life entwined with the history of her country yet filled with the universal trials and joys of growing up.Edgy, searingly observant, and candid, often heartbreaking but threaded throughout with raw humor and hard-earned wisdom—Persepolis is a stunning work from one of the most highly regarded, singularly talented graphic artists at work today.",2003,Marjane Satrapi,10905,165852,341,Graphic Novels,4.39,[]
61,The Art of Racing in the Rain,"Enzo knows he is different from other dogs: a philosopher with a nearly human soul (and an obsession with opposable thumbs), he has educated himself by watching television extensively, and by listening very closely to the words of his master, Denny Swift, an up-and-coming race car driver.Through Denny, Enzo has gained tremendous insight into the human condition, and he sees that life, like racing, isn't simply about going fast. On the eve of his death, Enzo takes stock of his life, recalling all that he and his family have been through.A heart-wrenching but deeply funny and ultimately uplifting story of family, love, loyalty, and hope, The Art of Racing in the Rain is a beautifully crafted and captivating look at the wonders and absurdities of human life ... as only a dog could tell it.",2008,Garth Stein,42152,497744,336,Fiction,4.22,[]
62,The Other Boleyn Girl,"This is an alternate cover edition of ISBN 9780743227445Two sisters competing for the greatest prize: The love of a kingWhen Mary Boleyn comes to court as an innocent girl of fourteen, she catches the eye of Henry VIII. Dazzled, Mary falls in love with both her golden prince and her growing role as unofficial queen. However, she soon realises just how much she is a pawn in her family's ambitious plots as the king's interest begins to wane and she is forced to step aside for her best friend and rival: her sister, Anne. Then Mary knows that she must defy her family and her king and take fate into her own hands.A rich and compelling novel of love, sex, ambition, and intrigue, The Other Boleyn Girl introduces a woman of extraordinary determination and desire who lived at the heart of the most exciting and glamourous court in Europe and survived by following her heart.",2001,Philippa Gregory,17485,486484,661,Historical Fiction,4.08,[]
63,The Historian,"For centuries, the story of Dracula has captured the imagination of readers and storytellers alike. Kostova's breathtaking first novel, ten years in the writing, is an accomplished retelling of this ancient tale. ""The story that follows is one I never intended to commit to paper... As an historian, I have learned that, in fact, not everyone who reaches back into history can survive it."" With these words, a nameless narrator unfolds a story that began 30 years earlier. Late one night in 1972, as a 16-year-old girl, she discovers a mysterious book and a sheaf of letters in her father's library—a discovery that will have dreadful and far-reaching consequences, and will send her on a journey of mind-boggling danger. While seeking clues to the secrets of her father's past and her mother's puzzling disappearance, she follows a trail from London to Istanbul to Budapest and beyond, and learns that the letters in her possession provide a link to one of the world's darkest and most intoxicating figures. Generation after generation, the legend of Dracula has enticed and eluded both historians and opportunists alike. Now a young girl undertakes the same search that ended in the death and defilement of so many others—in an attempt to save her father from an unspeakable fate.(Fall 2005 Selection)",2005,Elizabeth Kostova,17592,258411,704,Fiction,3.79,[]
64,Oryx and Crake,"Oryx and Crake is at once an unforgettable love story and a compelling vision of the future. Snowman, known as Jimmy before mankind was overwhelmed by a plague, is struggling to survive in a world where he may be the last human, and mourning the loss of his best friend, Crake, and the beautiful and elusive Oryx whom they both loved. In search of answers, Snowman embarks on a journey–with the help of the green-eyed Children of Crake–through the lush wilderness that was so recently a great city, until powerful corporations took mankind on an uncontrolled genetic engineering ride. Margaret Atwood projects us into a near future that is both all too familiar and beyond our imagining.",2003,Margaret Atwood,15640,253381,389,Fiction,4.01,[]
65,The Namesake,"Jhumpa Lahiri's Interpreter of Maladies established this young writer as one the most brilliant of her generation. Her stories are one of the very few debut works -- and only a handful of collections -- to have won the Pulitzer Prize for fiction. Among the many other awards and honors it received were the New Yorker Debut of the Year award, the PEN/Hemingway Award, and the highest critical praise for its grace, acuity, and compassion in detailing lives transported from India to America.In The Namesake, Lahiri enriches the themes that made her collection an international bestseller: the immigrant experience, the clash of cultures, the conflicts of assimilation, and, most poignantly, the tangled ties between generations. Here again Lahiri displays her deft touch for the perfect detail — the fleeting moment, the turn of phrase — that opens whole worlds of emotion.The Namesake takes the Ganguli family from their tradition-bound life in Calcutta through their fraught transformation into Americans. On the heels of their arranged wedding, Ashoke and Ashima Ganguli settle together in Cambridge, Massachusetts. An engineer by training, Ashoke adapts far less warily than his wife, who resists all things American and pines for her family. When their son is born, the task of naming him betrays the vexed results of bringing old ways to the new world. Named for a Russian writer by his Indian parents in memory of a catastrophe years before, Gogol Ganguli knows only that he suffers the burden of his heritage as well as his odd, antic name. Lahiri brings great empathy to Gogol as he stumbles along the first-generation path, strewn with conflicting loyalties, comic detours, and wrenching love affairs. With penetrating insight, she reveals not only the defining power of the names and expectations bestowed upon us by our parents, but also the means by which we slowly, sometimes painfully, come to define ourselves.",2003,Jhumpa Lahiri,13944,259503,291,Fiction,4.01,[]
66,All the Light We Cannot See,"Marie-Laure lives in Paris near the Museum of Natural History, where her father works. When she is twelve, the Nazis occupy Paris and father and daughter flee to the walled citadel of Saint-Malo, where Marie-Laure’s reclusive great uncle lives in a tall house by the sea. With them they carry what might be the museum’s most valuable and dangerous jewel.In a mining town in Germany, Werner Pfennig, an orphan, grows up with his younger sister, enchanted by a crude radio they find that brings them news and stories from places they have never seen or imagined. Werner becomes an expert at building and fixing these crucial new instruments and is enlisted to use his talent to track down the resistance. Deftly interweaving the lives of Marie-Laure and Werner, Doerr illuminates the ways, against all odds, people try to be good to one another.From the highly acclaimed, multiple award-winning Anthony Doerr, the stunningly beautiful instant New York Times bestseller about a blind French girl and a German boy whose paths collide in occupied France as both try to survive the devastation of World War II.An alternate cover for this ISBN can be found here",2014,Anthony Doerr,93595,1426011,531,Historical Fiction,4.32,[]
67,Everything is Illuminated,"With only a yellowing photograph in hand, a young man -- also named Jonathan Safran Foer -- sets out to find the woman who may or may not have saved his grandfather from the Nazis. Accompanied by an old man haunted by memories of the war; an amorous dog named Sammy Davis, Junior, Junior; and the unforgettable Alex, a young Ukrainian translator who speaks in a sublimely butchered English, Jonathan is led on a quixotic journey over a devastated landscape and into an unexpected past.",2002,Jonathan Safran Foer,8433,175636,276,Fiction,3.89,[]
68,Snow Flower and the Secret Fan,"In nineteenth-century China, in a remote Hunan county, a girl named Lily, at the tender age of seven, is paired with a laotong, “old same,” in an emotional match that will last a lifetime. The laotong, Snow Flower, introduces herself by sending Lily a silk fan on which she’s painted a poem in nu shu, a unique language that Chinese women created in order to communicate in secret, away from the influence of men.As the years pass, Lily and Snow Flower send messages on fans, compose stories on handkerchiefs, reaching out of isolation to share their hopes, dreams, and accomplishments. Together, they endure the agony of foot-binding, and reflect upon their arranged marriages, shared loneliness, and the joys and tragedies of motherhood. The two find solace, developing a bond that keeps their spirits alive. But when a misunderstanding arises, their deep friendship suddenly threatens to tear apart.",2005,Lisa See,19164,362976,269,Historical Fiction,4.08,[]
69,Jonathan Strange & Mr Norrell,"The year is 1806. England is beleaguered by the long war with Napoleon, and centuries have passed since practical magicians faded into the nation's past. But scholars of this glorious history discover that one remains: the reclusive Mr Norrell, whose displays of magic send a thrill through the country. Proceeding to London, he raises a beautiful woman from the dead and summons an army of ghostly ships to terrify the French. Yet the cautious, fussy Norrell is challenged by the emergence of another magician: the brilliant novice Jonathan Strange. Young, handsome and daring, Strange is the very antithesis of Norrel. So begins a dangerous battle between these two great men which overwhelms that between England and France. And their own obsessions and secret dabblings with the dark arts are going to cause more trouble than they can imagine.",2004,Susanna Clarke,17060,225836,1006,Fantasy,3.85,[]
70,The Memory Keeper's Daughter,"On a winter night in 1964, Dr. David Henry is forced by a blizzard to deliver his own twins. His son, born first, is perfectly healthy. Yet when his daughter is born, he sees immediately that she has Down's Syndrome. Rationalizing it as a need to protect Norah, his wife, he makes a split-second decision that will alter all of their lives forever. He asks his nurse to take the baby away to an institution and never to reveal the secret. But Caroline, the nurse, cannot leave the infant. Instead, she disappears into another city to raise the child herself. So begins this story that unfolds over a quarter of a century - in which these two families, ignorant of each other, are yet bound by the fateful decision made that long-ago winter night. Norah Henry, who knows only that her daughter died at birth, remains inconsolable; her grief weighs heavily on their marriage. And Paul, their son, raises himself as best he can, in a house grown cold with mourning. Meanwhile, Phoebe, the lost daughter, grows from a sunny child to a vibrant young woman whose mother loves her as fiercely as if she were her own.",2005,Kim Edwards,20215,590517,401,Fiction,3.69,[]
71,The God Delusion,"A preeminent scientist - and the world's most prominent atheist - asserts the irrationality of belief in God, and the grievous harm religion has inflicted on society, from the Crusades to 9/11.With rigor and wit, Dawkins examines God in all his forms, from the sex-obsessed tyrant of the Old Testament, to the more benign (but still illogical) Celestial Watchmaker favored by some Enlightenment thinkers. He eviscerates the major arguments for religion, and demonstrates the supreme improbability of a supreme being. He shows how religion fuels war, foments bigotry, and abuses children, buttressing his points with historical and contemporary evidence.The God Delusion makes a compelling case that belief in God is not just wrong, but potentially deadly. It also offers exhilarating insight into the advantages of atheism to the individual and society, not the least of which is a clearer, truer appreciation of the universe's wonders than any faith could ever muster.",2006,Richard Dawkins,9183,258942,374,Nonfiction,3.90,[]
72,Unbroken,"On a May afternoon in 1943, an Army Air Forces bomber crashed into the Pacific Ocean and disappeared, leaving only a spray of debris and a slick of oil, gasoline, and blood. Then, on the ocean surface, a face appeared. It was that of a young lieutenant, the plane's bombardier, who was struggling to a life raft and pulling himself aboard. So began one of the most extraordinary odysseys of the Second World War.The lieutenant’s name was Louis Zamperini. In boyhood, he'd been a cunning and incorrigible delinquent, breaking into houses, brawling, and fleeing his home to ride the rails. As a teenager, he had channeled his defiance into running, discovering a prodigious talent that had carried him to the Berlin Olympics and within sight of the four-minute mile. But when war had come, the athlete had become an airman, embarking on a journey that led to his doomed flight, a tiny raft, and a drift into the unknown.Ahead of Zamperini lay thousands of miles of open ocean, leaping sharks, a foundering raft, thirst and starvation, enemy aircraft, and, beyond, a trial even greater. Driven to the limits of endurance, Zamperini would answer desperation with ingenuity; suffering with hope, resolve, and humor; brutality with rebellion. His fate, whether triumph or tragedy, would be suspended on the fraying wire of his will.",2010,Laura Hillenbrand,48963,892310,475,Nonfiction,4.37,[]
73,Lamb,"The birth of Jesus has been well chronicled, as have his glorious teachings, acts, and divine sacrifice after his thirtieth birthday. But no one knows about the early life of the Son of God, the missing years—except Biff, the Messiah's best bud, who has been resurrected to tell the story in the divinely hilarious yet heartfelt work ""reminiscent of Vonnegut and Douglas Adams"" (Philadelphia Inquirer).Verily, the story Biff has to tell is a miraculous one, filled with remarkable journeys, magic, healings, kung fu, corpse reanimations, demons, and hot babes. Even the considerable wiles and devotion of the Savior's pal may not be enough to divert Joshua from his tragic destiny. But there's no one who loves Josh more—except maybe ""Maggie,"" Mary of Magdala—and Biff isn't about to let his extraordinary pal suffer and ascend without a fight.",2002,Christopher Moore,12644,168241,444,Fiction,4.23,[]
74,The Shack,"Mackenzie Allen Philips' youngest daughter, Missy, has been abducted during a family vacation and evidence that she may have been brutally murdered is found in an abandoned shack deep in the Oregon wilderness. Four years later in the midst of his Great Sadness, Mack receives a suspicious note, apparently from God, inviting him back to that shack for a weekend. Against his better judgment he arrives at the shack on a wintry afternoon and walks back into his darkest nightmare. What he finds there will change Mack's world forever.In a world where religion seems to grow increasingly irrelevant The Shack wrestles with the timeless question, ""Where is God in a world so filled with unspeakable pain?"" The answers Mack gets will astound you and perhaps transform you as much as it did him. You'll want everyone you know to read this book!",2007,William Paul Young,34914,615821,294,Fiction,3.81,[]
75,Sarah's Key,"Paris, July 1942: Ten-year-old Sarah is brutally arrested with her family in the Vel' d'Hiv' roundup, the most notorious act of French collaboration with the Nazis. but before the police come to take them, Sarah locks her younger brother, Michel, in their favorite hiding place, a cupboard in the family's apartment. She keeps the key, thinking that she will be back within a few hours.Paris, May 2002: On Vel' d'Hiv's sixtieth anniversary, Julia Jarmond, an American journalist, is asked by her Paris-based American magazine to write an article about this black day in France's past. Julia has lived in Paris for nearly twenty-five years, married a Frenchman, and she is shocked both by her ignorance about the event and the silence that still surrounds it. In the course of her investigation, she stumbles onto a trail of long-hidden family secrets that connects her to Sarah. Julia finds herself compelled to retrace the girl's ordeal, from the terrible days spent shut in at the Vel' d'Hiv' to the camps and beyond. As she probes into Sarah's past, she begins to question her own place in France and to reevaluate her marriage and her life.Writing about the fate of her country with a pitiless clarity, Tatiana de Rosnay offers us a brilliantly subtle, compelling portrait of France under occupation and reveals the taboos and denial surrounding this painful episode in French history.(front flap)",2006,Tatiana de Rosnay,30586,460564,294,Historical Fiction,4.17,[]
76,Three Cups of Tea,"The astonishing, uplifting story of a real-life Indiana Jones and his humanitarian campaign to use education to combat terrorism in the Taliban’s backyardAnyone who despairs of the individual’s power to change lives has to read the story of Greg Mortenson, a homeless mountaineer who, following a 1993 climb of Pakistan’s treacherous K2, was inspired by a chance encounter with impoverished mountain villagers and promised to build them a school. Over the next decade he built fifty-five schools—especially for girls—that offer a balanced education in one of the most isolated and dangerous regions on earth. As it chronicles Mortenson’s quest, which has brought him into conflict with both enraged Islamists and uncomprehending Americans, Three Cups of Tea combines adventure with a celebration of the humanitarian spirit.",2006,Greg Mortenson,22401,341290,349,Nonfiction,3.66,[]
77,Nineteen Minutes,"In nineteen minutes, you can mow the front lawn, color your hair, watch a third of a hockey game. In nineteen minutes, you can bake scones or get a tooth filled by a dentist; you can fold laundry for a family of five....In nineteen minutes, you can stop the world, or you can just jump off it. In nineteen minutes, you can get revenge. Sterling is a small, ordinary New Hampshire town where nothing ever happens -- until the day its complacency is shattered by a shocking act of violence. In the aftermath, the town's residents must not only seek justice in order to begin healing but also come to terms with the role they played in the tragedy. For them, the lines between truth and fiction, right and wrong, insider and outsider have been obscured forever. Josie Cormier, the teenage daughter of the judge sitting on the case, could be the state's best witness, but she can't remember what happened in front of her own eyes. And as the trial progresses, fault lines between the high school and the adult community begin to show, destroying the closest of friendships and families. Nineteen Minutes is New York Times bestselling author Jodi Picoult's most raw, honest, and important novel yet. Told with the straightforward style for which she has become known, it asks simple questions that have no easy answers: Can your own child become a mystery to you? What does it mean to be different in our society? Is it ever okay for a victim to strike back? And who -- if anyone -- has the right to judge someone else?",2007,Jodi Picoult,17764,345736,440,Fiction,4.15,[]
78,The Boy in the Striped Pajamas,"If you start to read this book, you will go on a journey with a nine-year-old boy named Bruno. (Though this isn't a book for nine-year-olds.) And sooner or later you will arrive with Bruno at a fence.Fences like this exist all over the world. We hope you never have to encounter one.",2006,John Boyne,33806,735769,240,Historical Fiction,4.15,[]
79,The Omnivore's Dilemma,"What should we have for dinner? For omnivore like ourselves, this simple question has always posed a dilemma. When you can eat just about anything nature (or the supermarket) has to offer, deciding what you should eat will inevitably stir anxiety, especially when some of the foods on offer might shorten your life. Today, buffered by one food fad after another, America is suffering from what can only be described as a national eating disorder. The omnivore’s dilemma has returned with a vengeance, as the cornucopia of the modern American supermarket and fast-food outlet confronts us with a bewildering and treacherous food landscape. What’s at stake in our eating choices is not only our own and our children’s health, but the health of the environment that sustains life on earth.The Omnivore's Dilemma is groundbreaking book, in which one of America’s most fascinating, original, and elegant writers turns his own omnivorous mind to the seemingly straightforward question of what we should have for dinner. The question has confronted us since man discovered fire, but according to Michael Pollan, the bestselling author of The Botany of Desire, how we answer it today, at the dawn of the twenty-first century, may well determine our very survival as a species. Should we eat a fast-food hamburger? Something organic? Or perhaps something we hunt, gather, or grow ourselves? To find out, Pollan follows each of the food chains that sustain us—industrial food, organic or alternative food, and food we forage ourselves—from the source to a final meal, and in the process develops a definitive account of the American way of eating. His absorbing narrative takes us from Iowa cornfields to food-science laboratories, from feedlots and fast-food restaurants to organic farms and hunting grounds, always emphasizing our dynamic coevolutionary relationship with the handful of plant and animal species we depend on. Each time Pollan sits down to a meal, he deploys his unique blend of personal and investigative journalism to trace the origins of everything consumed, revealing what we unwittingly ingest and explaining how our taste for particular foods and flavors reflects our evolutionary inheritance.The surprising answers Pollan offers to the simple question posed by this book have profound political, economic, psychological, and even moral implications for all of us. Ultimately, this is a book as much about visionary solutions as it is about problems, and Pollan contends that, when it comes to food, doing the right thing often turns out to be the tastiest thing an eater can do. Beautifully written and thrillingly argued, The Omnivore’s Dilemma promises to change the way we think about the politics and pleasure of eating. For anyone who reads it, dinner will never again look, or taste, quite the same.",2006,Michael Pollan,13799,199150,450,Nonfiction,4.18,[]
80,The History of Love,"Fourteen-year-old Alma Singer is trying to find a cure for her mother's loneliness. Believing she might discover it in an old book her mother is lovingly translating, she sets out in search of its author. Across New York an old man called Leo Gursky is trying to survive a little bit longer. He spends his days dreaming of the lost love who, sixty years ago in Poland, inspired him to write a book. And although he doesn't know it yet, that book also survived: crossing oceans and generations, and changing lives...An alternative cover edition for this ISBN can be found here",2005,Nicole Krauss,11908,132151,255,Fiction,3.92,[]
81,Blink,"Drawing on cutting-edge neuroscience and psychology and displaying all of the brilliance that made The Tipping Point a classic, Blink changes the way you'll understand every decision you make. Never again will you think about thinking the same way.Malcolm Gladwell redefined how we understand the world around us. Now, in Blink, he revolutionizes the way we understand the world within. Blink is a book about how we think without thinking, about choices that seem to be made in an instant - in the blink of an eye - that actually aren't as simple as they seem. Why are some people brilliant decision makers, while others are consistently inept? Why do some people follow their instincts and win, while others end up stumbling into error? How do our brains really work - in the office, in the classroom, in the kitchen, and in the bedroom? And why are the best decisions often those that are impossible to explain to others? In Blink we meet the psychologist who has learned to predict whether a marriage will last, based on a few minutes of observing a couple; the tennis coach who knows when a player will double-fault before the racket even makes contact with the ball; the antiquities experts who recognize a fake at a glance. Here, too, are great failures of ""blink"": the election of Warren Harding; ""New Coke""; and the shooting of Amadou Diallo by police. Blink reveals that great decision makers aren't those who process the most information or spend the most time deliberating, but those who have perfected the art of ""thin-slicing"" - filtering the very few factors that matter from an overwhelming number of variables.",2005,Malcolm Gladwell,17672,567142,296,Nonfiction,3.96,[]
82,What Is the What,"From the bestselling author of A Heartbreaking Work of Staggering Genius, What Is the What is the epic novel based on the life of Valentino Achak Deng who, along with thousands of other children —the so-called Lost Boys—was forced to leave his village in Sudan at the age of seven and trek hundreds of miles by foot, pursued by militias, government bombers, and wild animals, crossing the deserts of three countries to find freedom. When he finally is resettled in the United States, he finds a life full of promise, but also heartache and myriad new challenges. Moving, suspenseful, and unexpectedly funny, What Is the What is an astonishing novel that illuminates the lives of millions through one extraordinary man.-back cover",2006,Dave Eggers,7388,83088,475,Fiction,4.14,[]
83,Looking for Alaska,"Before. Miles “Pudge” Halter is done with his safe life at home. His whole life has been one big non-event, and his obsession with famous last words has only made him crave “the Great Perhaps” even more (Francois Rabelais, poet). He heads off to the sometimes crazy and anything-but-boring world of Culver Creek Boarding School, and his life becomes the opposite of safe. Because down the hall is Alaska Young. The gorgeous, clever, funny, sexy, self-destructive, screwed up, and utterly fascinating Alaska Young. She is an event unto herself. She pulls Pudge into her world, launches him into the Great Perhaps, and steals his heart. Then. . . . After. Nothing is ever the same.",2005,John Green,69890,1471415,221,Young Adult,3.98,[]
84,The White Tiger,"Introducing a major literary talent, The White Tiger offers a story of coruscating wit, blistering suspense, and questionable morality, told by the most volatile, captivating, and utterly inimitable narrator that this millennium has yet seen. Balram Halwai is a complicated man. Servant. Philosopher. Entrepreneur. Murderer. Over the course of seven nights, by the scattered light of a preposterous chandelier, Balram tells us the terrible and transfixing story of how he came to be a success in life—having nothing but his own wits to help him along. Born in the dark heart of India, Balram gets a break when he is hired as a driver for his village's wealthiest man, two house Pomeranians (Puddles and Cuddles), and the rich man's (very unlucky) son. From behind the wheel of their Honda City car, Balram's new world is a revelation. While his peers flip through the pages of Murder Weekly (""Love -- Rape -- Revenge!""), barter for girls, drink liquor (Thunderbolt), and perpetuate the Great Rooster Coop of Indian society, Balram watches his employers bribe foreign ministers for tax breaks, barter for girls, drink liquor (single-malt whiskey), and play their own role in the Rooster Coop. Balram learns how to siphon gas, deal with corrupt mechanics, and refill and resell Johnnie Walker Black Label bottles (all but one). He also finds a way out of the Coop that no one else inside it can perceive. Balram's eyes penetrate India as few outsiders can: the cockroaches and the call centers; the prostitutes and the worshippers; the ancient and Internet cultures; the water buffalo and, trapped in so many kinds of cages that escape is (almost) impossible, the white tiger. And with a charisma as undeniable as it is unexpected, Balram teaches us that religion doesn't create virtue, and money doesn't solve every problem -- but decency can still be found in a corrupt world, and you can get what you want out of life if you eavesdrop on the right conversations. The White Tiger recalls The Death of Vishnu and Bangkok 8 in ambition, scope, and narrative genius, with a mischief and personality all its own. Amoral, irreverent, deeply endearing, and utterly contemporary, this novel is an international publishing sensation —and a startling, provocative debut.",2008,Aravind Adiga,12278,184356,276,Fiction,3.76,[]
85,11/22/63,"On November 22, 1963, three shots rang out in Dallas, President Kennedy died, and the world changed. Unless...In 2011, Jake Epping, an English teacher from Lisbon Falls, Maine, sets out on an insane — and insanely possible — mission to prevent the Kennedy assassination.Leaving behind a world of computers and mobile phones, he goes back to a time of big American cars and diners, of Lindy Hopping, the sound of Elvis, and the taste of root beer.In this haunting world, Jake falls in love with Sadie, a beautiful high school librarian. And, as the ominous date of 11/22/63 approaches, he encounters a troubled loner named Lee Harvey Oswald...",2011,Stephen King,44141,498437,849,Fiction,4.32,[]
86,Ready Player One,"Librarian's note: An alternate cover edition can be found hereIN THE YEAR 2044, reality is an ugly place. The only time teenage Wade Watts really feels alive is when he's jacked into the virtual utopia known as the OASIS. Wade's devoted his life to studying the puzzles hidden within this world's digital confines, puzzles that are based on their creator's obsession with the pop culture of decades past and that promise massive power and fortune to whoever can unlock them. But when Wade stumbles upon the first clue, he finds himself beset by players willing to kill to take this ultimate prize. The race is on, and if Wade's going to survive, he'll have to win—and confront the real world he's always been so desperate to escape.",2011,Ernest Cline,97997,1078040,374,Science Fiction,4.24,[]
87,Gilead,"Nearly 25 years after Housekeeping, Marilynne Robinson returns with an intimate tale of three generations, from the Civil War to the 20th century: a story about fathers and sons and the spiritual battles that still rage at America's heart. In the words of Kirkus, it is a novel ""as big as a nation, as quiet as thought, and moving as prayer. Matchless and towering."" GILEAD tells the story of America and will break your heart.",2004,Marilynne Robinson,13184,103414,247,Fiction,3.85,[]
88,The Story of Edgar Sawtelle,"Born mute, speaking only in sign, Edgar Sawtelle leads an idyllic life with his parents on their farm in remote northern Wisconsin. For generations, the Sawtelles have raised and trained a fictional breed of dog whose thoughtful companionship is epitomized by Almondine, Edgar's lifelong friend and ally. But with the unexpected return of Claude, Edgar's paternal uncle, turmoil consumes the Sawtelles' once peaceful home. When Edgar's father dies suddenly, Claude insinuates himself into the life of the farm—and into Edgar's mother's affections. Grief-stricken and bewildered, Edgar tries to prove Claude played a role in his father's death, but his plan backfires—spectacularly. Forced to flee into the vast wilderness lying beyond the farm, Edgar comes of age in the wild, fighting for his survival and that of the three yearling dogs who follow him. But his need to face his father's murderer and his devotion to the Sawtelle dogs turn Edgar ever homeward. David Wroblewski is a master storyteller, and his breathtaking scenes—the elemental north woods, the sweep of seasons, an iconic American barn, a fateful vision rendered in the falling rain—create a riveting family saga, a brilliant exploration of the limits of language, and a compulsively readable modern classic.",2008,David Wroblewski,14035,96744,566,Fiction,3.63,[]
89,The Year of Magical Thinking,"'An act of consummate literary bravery, a writer known for her clarity allowing us to watch her mind as it becomes clouded with grief.'From one of America's iconic writers, a stunning book of electric honesty and passion. Joan Didion explores an intensely personal yet universal experience: a portrait of a marriage–and a life, in good times and bad–that will speak to anyone who has ever loved a husband or wife or child.Several days before Christmas 2003, John Gregory Dunne and Joan Didion saw their only daughter, Quintana, fall ill with what seemed at first flu, then pneumonia, then complete septic shock. She was put into an induced coma and placed on life support. Days later–the night before New Year's Eve–the Dunnes were just sitting down to dinner after visiting the hospital when John Gregory Dunne suffered a massive and fatal coronary. In a second, this close, symbiotic partnership of forty years was over. Four weeks later, their daughter pulled through. Two months after that, arriving at LAX, she collapsed and underwent six hours of brain surgery at UCLA Medical Center to relieve a massive hematoma.This powerful book is Didion's attempt to make sense of the ""weeks and then months that cut loose any fixed idea I ever had about death, about illness . . . about marriage and children and memory . . . about the shallowness of sanity, about life itself.""",2005,Joan Didion,16942,208793,227,Nonfiction,3.93,[]
90,Empire Falls,"Welcome to Empire Falls, a blue-collar town full of abandoned mills whose citizens surround themselves with the comforts and feuds provided by lifelong friends and neighbors and who find humor and hope in the most unlikely places, in this Pulitzer Prize-winning novel by Richard Russo.Miles Roby has been slinging burgers at the Empire Grill for 20 years, a job that cost him his college education and much of his self-respect. What keeps him there? It could be his bright, sensitive daughter Tick, who needs all his help surviving the local high school. Or maybe it’s Janine, Miles’ soon-to-be ex-wife, who’s taken up with a noxiously vain health-club proprietor. Or perhaps it’s the imperious Francine Whiting, who owns everything in town–and seems to believe that “everything” includes Miles himself. In Empire Falls Richard Russo delves deep into the blue-collar heart of America in a work that overflows with hilarity, heartache, and grace",2001,Richard Russo,4919,118571,483,Fiction,3.93,[]
91,Dress Your Family in Corduroy and Denim,"David Sedaris plays in the snow with his sisters. He goes on vacation with his family. He gets a job selling drinks. He attends his brother’s wedding. He mops his sister’s floor. He gives directions to a lost traveler. He eats a hamburger. He has his blood sugar tested. It all sounds so normal, doesn’t it? In his newest collection of essays, David Sedaris lifts the corner of ordinary life, revealing the absurdity teeming below its surface. His world is alive with obscure desires and hidden motives — a world where forgiveness is automatic and an argument can be the highest form of love. Dress Your Family in Corduroy and Denim is another unforgettable collection from one of the wittiest and most original writers at work today.--davidsedarisbooks.com",2004,David Sedaris,7110,270491,257,Humor,4.10,[]
92,John Adams,"The enthralling, often surprising story of John Adams, one of the most important and fascinating Americans who ever lived.In this powerful, epic biography, David McCullough unfolds the adventurous life-journey of John Adams, the brilliant, fiercely independent, often irascible, always honest Yankee patriot -- ""the colossus of independence,"" as Thomas Jefferson called him -- who spared nothing in his zeal for the American Revolution; who rose to become the second President of the United States and saved the country from blundering into an unnecessary war; who was learned beyond all but a few and regarded by some as ""out of his senses""; and whose marriage to the wise and valiant Abigail Adams is one of the moving love stories in American history. Like his masterly, Pulitzer Prize-winning biography Truman, David McCullough's John Adams has the sweep and vitality of a great novel. It is both a riveting portrait of an abundantly human man and a vivid evocation of his time, much of it drawn from an outstanding collection of Adams family letters and diaries. In particular, the more than one thousand surviving letters between John and Abigail Adams, nearly half of which have never been published, provide extraordinary access to their private lives and make it possible to know John Adams as no other major American of his founding era. As he has with stunning effect in his previous books, McCullough tells the story from within -- from the point of view of the amazing eighteenth century and of those who, caught up in events, had no sure way of knowing how things would turn out. George Washington, Benjamin Franklin, John Jay, the British spy Edward Bancroft, Madame Lafayette and Jefferson's Paris ""interest"" Maria Cosway, Alexander Hamilton, James Madison, the scandalmonger James Callender, Sally Hemings, John Marshall, Talleyrand, and Aaron Burr all figure in this panoramic chronicle, as does, importantly, John Quincy Adams, the adored son whom Adams would live to see become President. Crucial to the story, as it was to history, is the relationship between Adams and Jefferson, born opposites -- one a Massachusetts farmer's son, the other a Virginia aristocrat and slaveholder, one short and stout, the other tall and spare. Adams embraced conflict; Jefferson avoided it. Adams had great humor; Jefferson, very little. But they were alike in their devotion to their country. At first they were ardent co-revolutionaries, then fellow diplomats and close friends. With the advent of the two political parties, they became archrivals, even enemies, in the intense struggle for the presidency in 1800, perhaps the most vicious election in history. Then, amazingly, they became friends again, and ultimately, incredibly, they died on the same day -- their day of days -- July 4, in the year 1826. Much about John Adams's life will come as a surprise to many readers. His courageous voyage on the frigate Boston in the winter of 1778 and his later trek over the Pyrenees are exploits that few would have dared and that few readers will ever forget. It is a life encompassing a huge arc -- Adams lived longer than any president. The story ranges from the Boston Massacre to Philadelphia in 1776 to the Versailles of Louis XVI, from Spain to Amsterdam, from the Court of St. James's, where Adams was the first American to stand before King George III as a representative of the new nation, to the raw, half-finished Capital by the Potomac, where Adams was the first President to occupy the White House. This is history on a grand scale -- a book about politics and war and social issues, but also about human nature, love, religious faith, virtue, ambition, friendship and betrayal, and the far-reaching consequences of noble ideas. Above all, John Adams is an enthralling, often surprising story of one of the most important and fascinating Americans who ever lived.",2001,David McCullough,6959,351181,751,History,4.07,[]
93,A Million Little Pieces,"Intense, unpredictable, and instantly engaging, this is a story of drug and alcohol abuse and rehabilitation as it has never been told before. It is also the introduction of a bold and talented literary voice. Before considering reading this book, please see the BookBrowse note on the book jacket/review page.BookBrowse Note: January 9th 2006: An article in the Smoking Gun claimed that James Frey (author of A Million Little Pieces and My Friend Leonard) fabricated key parts of his books. They cited police records, court documents and interviews with law enforcement agents which belie a number of Frey's claims regarding criminal charges against him, jail terms and his fugitive status.In an interview with the Smoking Gun, Frey admitted that he had 'embellished central details' in A Million Little Pieces and backtracked on claims he made in the book.January 26th 2006. Frey's publisher stated that while it initially stood by him, after further questioning of the author, the house has ""sadly come to the realization that a number of facts have been altered and incidents embellished."" It will be adding a a publisher's note and author's note to all future editions of A Million Little Pieces.",2003,James Frey,12273,244486,515,Fiction,3.67,[]
94,Anansi Boys,God is dead. Meet the kids.Fat Charlie Nancy's normal life ended the moment his father dropped dead on a Florida karaoke stage. Charlie didn't know his dad was a god. And he never knew he had a brother. Now brother Spider's on his doorstep -- about to make Fat Charlie's life more interesting... and a lot more dangerous.,2005,Neil Gaiman,11253,214046,387,Fantasy,4.04,[]
95,God Is Not Great,"God Is Not Great makes the ultimate case against religion. In a series of acute readings of the major religious texts, Christopher Hitchens demonstrates the ways in which religion is man-made, dangerously sexually repressive, and distorts the very origins of the cosmos. Above all, Hitchens argues that the concept of an omniscient God has profoundly damaged humanity, and proposes that the world might be a great deal better off without ""him.""",2007,Christopher Hitchens,5222,102473,307,Nonfiction,3.95,[]
96,Insurgent,"One choice can transform you—or it can destroy you. But every choice has consequences, and as unrest surges in the factions all around her, Tris Prior must continue trying to save those she loves—and herself—while grappling with haunting questions of grief and forgiveness, identity and loyalty, politics and love.Tris's initiation day should have been marked by celebration and victory with her chosen faction; instead, the day ended with unspeakable horrors. War now looms as conflict between the factions and their ideologies grows. And in times of war, sides must be chosen, secrets will emerge, and choices will become even more irrevocable—and even more powerful. Transformed by her own decisions but also by haunting grief and guilt, radical new discoveries, and shifting relationships, Tris must fully embrace her Divergence, even if she does not know what she may lose by doing so.New York Times bestselling author Veronica Roth's much-anticipated second book of the dystopian DIVERGENT series is another intoxicating thrill ride of a story, rich with hallmark twists, heartbreaks, romance, and powerful insights about human nature.",2012,Veronica Roth,61758,1406440,525,Young Adult,3.99,"['I want to give a big old round of applause to HarperTEEN and their insane marketing campaign. Bravo. That is not mockery, but a legit salute. I sincerely have to give it up to you for convincing me that I had to own this book. I was caught up and boarded the Twitter hype train as it drove me round and round the blogosphere\'s Factions. (BTW, I still don\'t know who drives the damn train.) So, by the time I stepped into my local bookstore and laid eyes on Insurgent I happily handed over my $17.99. I wasn\'t thinking logically. It was as if I was under a simulation. (HAHAHA! Did you see what I did there?)And that ending? Ugh. I... I... I need a moment. Let me just stop myself right here before I end up writing a really negative review and 1 starring one of the most anticipated books of 2012. But know I am displeased. VERY. Just look at how long it took me to finish the book! -----------------------------------------------What a shame. The most anticipated book of 2012 is my most disappointing read so far. After all the positive reviews I read, I knew for sure I\'d love it. Unfortunately, it didn\'t work out that way. I was conflicted on whether to give this book one or two stars. In the end, Insurgent\'s saving grace is that it simply doesn\'t belong with some of my other one starred books. So, I feel I must warn whoever stumbles across this review: If this is one of your favorite series and you love it with the burning passion of a supernova, this review might have the potential to piss you off. It might be best for both you and I if you just hit the back button now before things get going. Go on. Spock and I will wait.*whistles*Oh, you\'re staying, huh? Well, strap yourself in because I have a feeling it might just be one of those reviews...Spock tells me this review must contain mild spoilers in order to logically explain this illogical novel. Sorry, kids. Spock\'s call.The first big negative right off the bat was that Insurgent picks up directly after Divergent left off. There is virtually no recap to the story or characters and if you read the book a year ago, well, you may be screwed. But thankfully, Roth wrote up a lovely little cheat sheet for just this purpose. Yay! However, the problem doesn\'t just lie with remembering names. It lies with the connection the reader may or may not have had with the characters in Divergent, which was now non-existent since I could barely remember who was who. What\'s that you say? So and so just got shot in the head? I\'m sorry, I can\'t find a single fuck to give. Then, we are introduced to even more characters. So, not only do I have to attempt to remember the old characters, but I have to keep track of these newbies too? That\'s just way too much work. Obviously, this isn\'t really Insurgent\'s fault, but I thought it would helpful to point this out.The Plot:What happened here? What happened to the action packed dystopian series I was introduced to in Divergent? Where the hell was Tris and why was Bella playing her role? Why did Four suddenly update his Facebook status to Douche Bag? Who\'s idea was it to turn Insurgent into a Dystopian Romance? One thing I loved about Divergent was that the romance took a back seat to the story and action. But in Insurgent the action is scattered with a heavier focus on Tris and Four\'s relationship. Look, that is not what I signed up for. I really don\'t care if Four loves Tris or if they\'ll end up riding a unicorn that poops rainbows as they ride off into the sunset. Whatever, whatever, whatever.So, the Erudite are trying to take over their world by creating a new serum for those that are Divergent while the Factionless plan a rebellion. But all that usually happens in the background with occasional mention to keep the reader up to date. Most of the novel we are stuck in Tris\' head as she goes into angst mode over Four, her parents and Will. It was so boring I felt like I was stuck in a throwback episode of As the World Turns. On repeat. Save me. But wait! We have a random plot twist at the end right before the battle is about to go down. Marcus (Four\'s abusive father) decides to enlist Tris to help him retrieve information stolen from Abnegation. He tells her it\'s super secret and that he can\'t tell her what it is because it\'s something you have to see, that she\'ll just have to trust him. Doing so would betray Four. She agrees.Wait. Pause.Tris hates Marcus. Tris loves Four. Tris doesn\'t know what information they would be retrieving. She also doesn\'t know if Marcus is telling her the truth. She has absolutely no reason to believe him. No real evidence to back up his claim. She agrees. Without much thought. Tris is supposed to have an aptitude for Erudite, right? She\'s supposed to be logical, RIGHT?!Tris, pack your bags. I think Spock has just voted you off the island.That makes no sense! And then when I found out the super big secret, guess what? He could have easily told her! I smell and easy plot cop-out, folks. The secret is kept long enough from the reader just so it can push you off the cliff on the last page.World Building:In Divergent I let a lot slide and roll off me because I was entertained throughout the entire book. I\'m known to do that with a lot of books like Wither and Across the Universe, for example. I could not do it with Insurgent. You see, I have the attention span of a fruit fly. If I\'m not fully engaged in the book, I\'m going to notice things. Things I probably wouldn\'t care too much about if I were enjoying myself. Like how the Erudite wear glasses just because they\'re smart. Or how even though Tris is emotionally unbalanced 16-year-old, everyone still looks to her to ""analyze the situation."" Or even how impossible I find these factions. How is it that you can put all of these traits into neat little boxes and ask a person to choose one over the others? This is the same problem I had with The Hunt. In both novels the author tries to pitch an idea of human behavior completely different from what reality is, but you can clearly see the flaws with it. However, the main character fully believes in that world and way of thinking. They try to rationalize it, convince you of it. Yes, I realize it\'s a Dystopian novel, but this is a hard concept to sell because it makes it difficult for me to sympathize with the main character, their conflicted feelings and understand their world. Believability is key for me and I have a hard time believing this world. Tris frequently switches back and forth between her Dauntless, Erudite and Abnegation sides. Other characters comment on her embracing one trait depending on what the situation calls for it. But this doesn\'t work for me. Real talk, you can\'t just put logical thinking back in the toy chest when you decide you don\'t want to play with it anymore. It doesn\'t work like that. At least... I don\'t think so. Spock?I\'m getting no-ish vibes.Tris:This series gets a lot of comparisons to The Hunger Games and in a way I can see why. You have your young girl who, one way or another, plays an important part in bringing forth change to her society. And if I really had to compare the two, I\'d say that Insurgent is like Mockingjay. Tris is depressed, struggling to hold it together and fight in the war. The difference comes into play when Tris borderline gives up, while Katniss kicked ass until the very end. I\'m not saying Tris didn\'t have the right to be depressed because I do believe she did. But it was really over done for me. I felt like I was drowning in her angst. This book is over 500 pages long and most of the action doesn\'t even show up to the party until the last 30 pages! So what was Tris doing for the other 500 pages? Not a damn thing. No, scratch that. Spock tells me that is inaccurate. Tris was in fact doing something. She was off being selfless, trying to get herself killed so that no one else would die. Bella is that you? I didn\'t know you did Dystopias now! That irritated me to no end. At one point she turns herself into the Erudite because they threatened to kill off people until Divergent started surrendering. So, of course, Tris thinks it has to be her and sneaks off to give herself up before the Dauntless can form a plan. Now, let\'s think about this logically. Tris knows the Erudite want to experiment on her for a Divergent-proof serum. Which means more people would be enslaved and/or killed because of her turning herself in. *facepalm* Then she almost dies, but it was too late because I had run out of fucks by then! So I had to shake Spock down for some.\n\n\nWhat do you mean you\'re out of fucks?! One of us has to care if Tris lives or dies!\nThe Ending:Okay, lots of spoilers here, folks. Spoilers all around from this point on.I didn\'t like the ending. I felt cheated because I had hung on for the ending. Everyone said how it made up for the rest of the book and what not, but here\'s the thing: The ending couldn\'t make up for all the angst-filled fluff the rest of the book was stuffed with. I didn\'t feel the anticipation throughout the novel and I hate to admit that I was really tempted to skim. The villan was killed really fast without much of a fight. I always hate when that happens. The villan has been giving the characters hell all throughout the story and by the time their number is up, they beg for their life and die by a simple stab wound?""Yes, if you kill me you\'ll never find the information!""*stabby stab*>insert blood and stuff<""UGH! I\'M MELTING!""*dies*\n\n\nStill no fucks I see. That\'s cold, bro.\nAnd the big secret wasn\'t anything you couldn\'t have guessed from Divergent. It\'s revealed that the world is in chaos outside of the fence. Murders, destruction, etc. The weird thing is that I actually forgot about their society being enclosed in the fence until it was brought up near the end. It totally slipped my mind. But, I digress. The entire point of their society was to be a fresh start to the world. Somehow by boxing people in these Factions and waiting for the Divergent to emerge that equates to saving humanity. I\'m not exactly sure how that works since the book just ends with that revelation and the Acknowledgements rolled. But I feel like Roth wrote herself all the way to a deserted island, sent up her S.O.S. signal and that cliffhanger fell right out of the sky to the rescue. *sigh* I really hate cliffhangers. It was one of the things that I liked about Divergent. For the most part things were tied up, but with Insurgent? It\'s quite the mess we\'ll be walking into in book three.Will I read the next book? Yes, because I\'ve come this far and I\'m hoping I will enjoy book three as much as I enjoyed Divergent. I think Insurgent suffers from ""Second Book Syndrome"" and the infamous ""Hype Train,"" may it die in a fire (the Hype Train, not the book). But ultimately, I\'m interested in how Roth will explain away everything. Maybe then this whole series will make perfect logical sense to me. Until then, drink time, Spock?More reviews and shenanigans at Cuddlebuggery Book Blog.Show more', ' All right. Start it up ""We Will Rock You"" style, now.Clap, clap, stomp. Clap, clap, stomp. Clap, clap, stomp. Clap, clap, stomp.We are, we are DAUNTLESSWe are, we are DAUNTLESSBeatrice, Now called Tris, Made a big changePlaying on the trains, She became a Dauntless one dayShe\'s got mud on her faceA parental disgraceNow she\'ll be kickin your ass all over the placeSingin\'We are, we are DIVERGENTWe are, we are DIVERGENTTobias is a Dauntless, DivergentShoutin\' to them all, We can take on the world todayErudite got\xa0blood on their faceWe\'ll put them in their placeInto the past, out of our Fear LandscapesSingin\'We are, we are INSURGENTWe are, we are INSURGENTCome on!We are, we are INSURGENTWe are, we are INSURGENT\nThe Rundown\nOkay, I\'m sorry but I am NOT going to give you a summary of this book. I knew nothing going in and I loved it that way. Everything was a surprise and I think maybe that\'s how it should be. Plus, you know you want to read it anyway.And if you haven\'t read Divergent yet... WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR?! Shoo! Go read it NOW.\nThe Plot and World-Building\nThis world in Insurgent is darker and even more exciting than Divergent. Each chapter raises the stakes until you\'re all in. The characters in this book are so much more alive than in any other book I\'ve read recently. They have such fascinating layers and depth that I feel I could never uncover all he secrets they hold. Luckily, Veronica Roth is amazing at helping us do just that. The characters are masterfully unraveled before our very eyes. Insights unlocked that I\'d have never seen coming.The same goes for the storyline. There are things happening in this book that I wouldn\'t have once guessed. And I consider myself pretty adept at figuring out storylines. Every new plot twist is a welcome surprise. Every new bit of info is an exciting reveal.I was very pleasantly surprised that the romance storyline DID NOT overwhelm the majority of the plot. This was a book about society and about war and about dealing with everything that comes with both of those. That\'s what dystopian fiction is supposed to be about.The plot expands greatly upon what we know about the society and it\'s background, which in the first was mostly nil. I was thrilled with the way the information was revealed and what it means for the future of the series.\nThe Characters\nTris really FEELS the emotions brought on by the deaths that she believes herself to be responsible for, even when she had no other choice. In fact, she feels her feelings almost too much. A lot like the way people really do in even less dire real life situations. She\'s just an ordinary girl in an extraordinary situation. At least, that\'s how she sees herself. She doesn\'t at all realize how strong and extraordinary she really is.As much as I love Katniss from The Hunger Games, I never really felt her inner turmoil the way I do with Tris. My stomach clenches when I think of what she\'s gone through so far. If I think about it too much, I\'ll get nauseous.On another note, I have a tiny gripe about the passages involving Four\'s looks, like this one: ""Some girls might focus on the way his ears stick out, or the way his nose hooks at the end."" Plus, many other little ones about his spindly long fingers and gaunt face.Wow, move over Fabio! Lemme at him!! GOOD LORD, this woman really does not want us to find Ol\' Toby attractive, does she? \xa0I appreciate that he isn\'t your typical ""hero"" type, because let\'s face it - not every guy has long blonde waves and gleaming teeth. But not every girl finds that kind of guy attractive either. \xa0It doesn\'t have to be one or the other. I would like a bit sexier description of him from time to time. You know, something that doesn\'t make it sound as though he looks like Beetlejuice.For example, most people wouldn\'t call Edward Scissorhands himself a classically handsome man. If you tried to, you could make some of Johnny Depp\'s characters sound pretty hideous in a text description, but he somehow manages to transcend the gloomy and unique nature of those characters and bring them to life in a way that makes them sexy and intriguing. I just would like a little something like that in the description of Four in the future.\nThe Romance\nFirst off, yes, I still call him Four. Tris switches off between calling him Four and Tobias in the book. Lately, I\'ve found myself calling him Tobias in my head but when I write it, it usually ends up being Four. I mean, that\'s what he was called throughout almost the entire first novel... but the name Tobias is starting to grow on me.To be honest, I was afraid that Tris and Four\'s relationship would go down the cookie cutter route. I couldn\'t be more thrilled with the direction their romance has taken. They have real issues that they work through. There is no angst purely for the sake angst. It\'s all based on their present and past situations. If you\'re looking for a lovey dovey, pink fluffy unicorns dancing on rainbows kind of relationship, then sorry but you won\'t find that here. Sorry to burst your cotton candy bubble gum bubble. And yes, I know I\'m evil. *sly grin*There\'s angst and arguing but NO love triangle with the main character. At least not one that was discernible to me. If there was one, it was a ninja assassin love triangle.\nThe Verdict\nLOVE, LOVE, LOVE. I cannot wait to get my hands on the next book in this series. Insurgent was an incredibly delicious, exciting, and emotional read! But mostly, it just flat out made an impact on me.The other night I was watching Merlin, which has newly been added to my list of all-time favorite TV shows, and there was one particular moment where a character shows a redonkulous amount of bravery in a certain heartbreaking scene which cannot be named, and I literally thought to myself ""That\'s so Dauntless."" That\'s the power of the world that Veronica Roth has created. When a story becomes part of pop culture, when it is so unique and recognizable that it can be spoofed or merchandised, and when it\'s terminology works its way into your everyday life - that\'s when you see the true power of literature. I believe that this is one of those stories.Oh and by the way, I want a T-Shirt with the Dauntless faction symbol, so... someone get started on that ASAP. *snap, snap*The winner of the Divergent and Insurgent PRIZE PACK has been announced on STRANGEMORE.COM. Check the Rafflecopter Widget to see the name of the winner!Show more', '\n\nThe size of my disappointment probably has something to do with why I can\'t bring myself to award this two stars. I know Divergent isn\'t really a great book, the dystopia makes no sense, the Dauntless are ridiculous people who jump off trains to prove themselves... but, for me, it was still a wildly entertaining read. It was fast-paced, full of action, Tris was delightfully kickass, and the romance between her and Four complemented the main story without overtaking it. Insurgent failed on all of those.Normally, I might put it down to middle book syndrome and carry on with book three anyway, but not this time. Even though no time passes between the end of the first book and the start of this one, Tris and Tobias/Four feel like completely different characters and this is an inconsistency I can\'t forgive. Whatever happened to tough Tris who made difficult decisions and put survival above all else? She has disappeared and in her place is a ""heroine"" quite like the majority of other young adult romantic heroines. Tris is now solely concerned with Tobias and their relationship angst, I lost count of how many pages were filled with their make-out sessions and melodrama.Tobias also seems to have changed a lot more than his name. I really liked his character in Divergent, I found him to be sweet, kind and a little mysterious (indeed, in this book he was the only mystery). However, he has been replaced by someone who is aggressive, always frowning and frequently yells at Tris. He used to be so cool, even in a crisis - so what the hell happened? I couldn\'t even begin to believe in a story where the characters had changed so dramatically without logical reason.Plus, there\'s also the whopping great fact that nothing actually happens. Okay, so let me be honest, I read the first 300 pages and then I skim-read the rest. So I suppose that it\'s entirely possible that I missed something really good, it couldn\'t have saved the novel for me anyway, but I\'m just saying that it is possible. In those first 300 pages, though, nothing happens. People sit around talking about their problems and what they should do, Tris repeatedly remembers her parents (I know she\'s upset, but can\'t we move on to the current drama?), Tris thinks about Tobias, obsesses about Tobias, worries about Tobias, tries to solve the mystery that is Tobias...Basically, the first 100 pages go something like:- Tris and Tobias make out- Tris thinks about where they should go from here- Tris and Tobias make out- Tris and Tobias talk about where they should go from here- Tris and Tobias make out- Tris thinks about her parents\' deaths- Tris and Tobias make outI honestly don\'t care about their relationship. Maybe I did when I liked their characters, but now I don\'t even recognise them. It\'s not even that I doubt Roth has some brilliant ending planned for the third book, it\'s more that I no longer give a single damn about Tris or Tobias. I didn\'t even care enough to read this book properly and find out what happens at the end. I think it\'s clear that this series just died out for me.Show more', 'Well, I definitely like the title ""Divergent"" better than ""Insurgent."" Sounds a bit like Insurance.Wow, eight likes. Maybe people have had some bad experience with insurance....? Dunno.TEN LIKES.....O.O O.O O.O <--- I love that face. #.# $.$ There are so many different combinations. XDEleven. Whoa. O.O I don\'t understand this. My review isn\'t at the top of the review page, is it?! It\'s very cool, though. :D Thanks, everyone....Oh my word!!! Fourteen likes!!! o.o O.O O.O228 DAYS (I think) 219 DAYS,5278 HOURS,316728 MINUTES, AND ABOUT19003700 SECONDS UNTILINSURGENT, THE BOOK WITH THE WACKY TITLE.217 days5223 hours313427 minutes18805657 secondsI don\'t know how I\'m going to SURVIVE when/if Tris meets up with Christina and Christina FINDS OUT TRIS KILLED WILL. WAHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!! D\'X Christina and Will were PERFECT!!! PERFECTPURFECTPAIRFECT! Ahaha, pairfect. Oh---*sobs* PAIRFECT!!! I think I\'m going to reread Divergent. I can\'t wait 212 more days.211 days.210 days, 5055 hours, 303346 minutes, and about 18200800 seconds.HOORAY!!! DIVERGENT CAME!!! I can reread it!!!!!!! ^.^ ^.^ ^.^I\'ve forgotten how gripping it is. o.o It\'s like....wow. Wow. WOW.Aww...Tris and Four are so cute together!!!Hey, am I reviewing Insurgent or Divergent?! Better cut down on the Divergent snippets. Of course, properly I shouldn\'t even be reviewing Insurgent. I mean it\'s not out yet. (My main cause of dismay: books that are not out yet. Go figure?) 199 days!189 days4536 hours272190 minutes, and about 16331455 seconds!And \nso\n in agony. I\'m probably the most agonized person waiting for Insurgent/Insurance. AGH. AGH, AGH, AGH.Back to rereading Harry Potter. :/167 days...52...77 now. O.OMy countdown clock is acting up. .__.AAAH!!! ONLY 131 DAYS!!! It\'s a palindrome, oh yeah! I don\'t like this cover as much as Divergent\'s, but it\'s still cool. I dunno, Divergent just had a little more...something...to it. It was more striking, in my opinion. 55 days, 1,330 hours, 79,851 minutes and about 4,791,064 seconds until you-know-what. FOOOORRRRRTY TWO DAYS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!AAH I JUST FOUND OUT THE RELEASE DATE HAS BEEN BUMPED UP!!!!Just kidding. April Fool\'s! :D AAAAHH!!! AAH!!! AAH!!!!! IT\'S OUT!!!!!! Only there are thirty-four-darn-holds on it at the library. I have to wait, like, for ages.... *sobs**UPDATE: READ*Oh, my gosh....it was....how do I even begin to review this book?It was, first of all, awesome. I am so thankful that Roth didn\'t install a love triangle. I hate those. But all of the hopes I had for Will still being alive were crushed. :( The cover has the tree symbolizing Amity on it, and for pretty good reason. Tris, for reasons which you will have to read yourself, spends a good deal of time in the Amity headquarters (compound? complex?), and you got to know their faction better. The leadership system is quite interesting--they don\'t really have one. I actually think being Amity wouldn\'t be too bad. Except not the fact that they put drugs or whatever in their bread. It\'d be sort of like Abnegation, but a lot less Stiffer. (Get it? STIFFer--oh never mind.) I thought that Candor actually would have been better on the cover, but Amity is okay, too.There was one paragraph where Tris mentions that tears are just some sort of extra function that was not understood by her people. They didn\'t know why humans cried when they got emotional. But I remember reading somewhere in my seventh grade science book that tears are believed to (or actually do) release stress hormones or toxins from the body. That was one thing which struck me. One of the things that actually did make me cry was the big betrayal in this book. I won\'t say who it was, but it did hit me like a punch in the gut. Brace yourselves.I did think I liked Divergent a bit better. Insurgent was great, but it didn\'t have, for me, the addictiveness of Divergent. Perhaps it was just a bit too confusing. There were a lot of new characters to keep track of, and they were constantly moving from place to place. But Roth handled the romance pretty well. My respect for Tris grew when she didn\'t become the normal YA teenage girl who only thinks about her boyfriend and he takes up an unnecessary fifty pages of the book. She got mad at Tobias, but not for any irrational reasons. Actually, my respect for Tris grew a lot, period. She struggled with coping with Will\'s death, and with the death of her parents in the previous book, and these struggles seemed totally real to me. I could really sympathize with her. When Christina found out that Tris killed Will, her reaction was believable and understandable, and when she forgave Tris it was one of the moments that touched me the most throughout the entire book.Peter was one character which was developed more in Insurgent. I wasn\'t surprised when he turned out to be a traitor, but he\'s partly redeemed himself. He\'s very interesting....I get the feeling he\'ll play a large role in book three. Maybe he\'ll sacrifice himself, or something dramatic. Or maybe he\'ll turn traitor, again. Either way would be awesome. On the whole, I was very happy with Insurgent. The plot did drag a bit in the middle, but the end was great. And the big surprise was really exciting. :D Can\'t wait for book three!!!!!!*edit*The person who spoiled Allegiant for me: Curse you!!!!! Not literally. Seriously, though. I\'m so mad right now.I don\'t think I\'ll read Allegiant, sadly.... I don\'t want to dissolve into a shower of tears for weeks and weeks.Show more', 'FINALLY the book is out! After months of waiting, I managed to snag this book on the day of its release and thank goodness for that!**Warning: There will be no spoilers of Insurgent, only of Divergent**After having not been immersed in the Divergent world since the first book came out last year, I had qualms about diving headfirst into Insurgent without refreshing myself with the basic events that happened prior to the start of this novel. However, having neither the time nor the care for rereading a book with this enticing, new, fresh book lying in front of me, I decided to be a Dauntless and take the risk (small risk, but hey, it\'s the thought that counts).My first thought? That rereading Divergent would have been unnecessary in the fact that Insurgent picked up right where Divergent left off and had enough continuity to it that I slowly but surely picked up all the dormant pieces of information that I needed to know for this book. The action picks up right away, and my worries for this book, the middle book of this trilogy, were completely blown away with the events that happen. Oftentimes the second book of a trilogy slows down and loses some, if not a lot, of the pacing of the first book, only for the climax and the denouement to pick up drastically in the finale. Insurgent, however, did not disappoint me in that way.I loved so many things from this novel, many of which I will point out below:STRONG FEMALE LEAD: Tris is a kickass sort of person, and there\'s no denying that truth. Not only is she Divergent, but she\'s also a particularly strong type of Divergent, which we had all the clues for in Divergent but were not pronounced clearly until now. She is inherently strong, but she isn\'t invulnerable; she shows weakness when we expect her to, just like any human and regardless of her Dauntless faction. She\'s strong, but she\'s not overly ambitious, unlike Jeanine and other people who will rise up to power and take advantage of the chaos. What sets her apart from others is that she has all the capabilities of a leader, yet she shows enough humbleness and humility to know when to step down. I was feeling iffy about the polarization of characteristics between the different factions, but Tris\'s multiple affinities make her more well rounded and more admirable for what she chooses to do instead of what she can do with the capabilities she has.FOCUS OF THE NOVEL:Come on, I didn\'t read Insurgent for its romance. It\'s obviously a perk, of course, but the romance between Tobias and Tris isn\'t the main focus of the novel, not at all. The conspiracies, the conspiracies within the conspiracies, and the struggle between choosing what feels right and what logically is right is oftentimes employed here that makes you want to read further and further to see who\'s really the good guy. And then somewhere along the way, you realize that the good guy may not be the nicest guy. I think Roth aptly puts this to justice when she writes: ""And while he has done cruel, evil things, our society is not divided into “good” and “bad.” Cruelty does not make a person dishonest, the same way bravery does not make a person kind."" The multilayers to every action and every character makes you stop and think of the macro events, which is what I believe books should truly be about.REALISTIC OUTCOMES AND PLOT DEVICES THAT MAKE YOU WIDE EYED FOR MORE:Stemming from what I said earlier about events that occur in this book, I just want to say that Roth really does know how to set her pacing for the trilogy well. Just reading the revelations that each page brings shows the careful thought and planning that was placed into the creation of the Divergent world. People you thought you could trust to be on the ""good"" side suddenly aren\'t so clear anymore; everyone falls into some gray, fuzzy area on where their loyalties lie. The aptness of the adage ""the road to hell is often paved with good intentions"" fits in with this world, and many people think that the end justifies the means of their actions. This strikes out to me not only for the complexity it brings to the series, but also the reality of the situation that no matter how much you\'re a part of Abnegation, in the end human instincts demand that you take a look at the grand scheme of things and figure out how you\'re going to survive. It\'s not necessarily saying that people are inherently bad or good, it\'s just that everyone takes action for their own survival, and that ultimately pits people against each other, both realistic and true. Who you trust ends up affecting what actions you take, and quoted from Roth: ""People, I have discovered, are layers and layers of secrets. You believe you know them, that you understand them, but their motives are always hidden from you, buried in their own hearts. You will never know them, but sometimes you decide to trust them."" Roth doesn\'t hesitate to pull out all the stops with layers upon layers of events that make Tris change her mind about which course of action to take countless times. It\'s the sort of thing that makes your brain freak with the constant flow of new information while it simultaneously processes what it just learned.CHARACTERS:\'nuff said. You don\'t find multifaceted characters easily, and every single one of these characters has something to contribute to the Divergent world as a whole. Remember, it\'s a society where things were always a specific way when a huge wave of reform is about to strike violently at you. It\'s a time of strife and war, something that most of us in first world countries can\'t comprehend on a personal level. (I quote an example from Isabel Allende here: ""Once my daughter said to me that feminism was dated, that I should move on. Feminism is dated? Yes, for privileged women like my daughter, but not for most of our sisters in the rest of the world who are still forced into premature marriage, prostitution, forced labor""). In such a setting, chaos is everywhere, and I can\'t stress how good it was reading about the diversity of people who, at the end of the day, all wanted to just survive. ENDING:I would be cautious of reading Insurgent if I were you. The ending was the most terrible, horrible, jaw-dropping cliffhanger that I\'ve read in a while. We don\'t even have a specific date to look forward for the third book, either! I can\'t (well, yes I can, but you understand my shock) believe that Roth would put us through such misery of revealing such a huge closely guarded secret, the truth of all truths to Divergent, and then end it right when chaos breaks out. Such a tease, and such a brilliant move. That\'ll keep us fans holding on for sure.Would I recommend this book? Heck yes, without a single doubt. It\'s got action, suspense, adventure, mystery, and romance packed into it, and it was both cleverly and well executed. I couldn\'t ask for more of a novel, and I sincerely thank Roth for sharing it with us.The pre-review I had posted that gathered all the likes to this review:WHO REVIEWED IT ALREADY??? I\'m tempted to give death glares to any that did because at this point giving it a rating is just petty hate mail. Judging by the average rating for the first book and the FACT THAT THE SECOND BOOK ISN\'T EVEN OUT FOR ARCs YET, there should be no ratings! How can you rate a book based on what you\'re anticipating it to be???What it\'s rated now is by no means true, since we don\'t even know what the book is about!Show more', 'Uh-oh. Why did I break my promise to myself and read this book?Was it my curiosity? Well, I need to be more careful. After all, curiosity killed the cat - and I\'m a Leo. Uh-oh.\n Now I\'m afraid that this book may have made me use up a few of my allotted nine lives. O_O\nWelcome back to the senseless world of dystopian Chicago where you are only allowed to have one personality trait, which apparently is determined in what seems to be an equivalent of a 5-question multiple choice test. And this ridiculousness is presented very seriously. Let\'s catch up, shall we?If you happen to give your seat on a bus to an old lady - well, you must be selfless! Welcome to Abnegation where you can enjoy shapeless clothes and bland food.If you have ever wondered how stuff works and dared to ask a smart question - welcome to the EEEEvil Educated Erudites Exclusive Establishment! A set of complementary spectacles and a seat at the library are waiting for you!You frown upon lying? Welcome to candid life of Candor. Enjoy your lie detector tests! Now there\'s only one answer you can give to the eternal question, ""Does this make me look fat?"" (and punched in the face you will be, no doubt.)You are a tree-hugging (or people hugging) hippie? Amity, \'nuff said. You are a near-suicidal borderline sociopath who loves jumping off moving trains and beat the crap out of people??? Heh-heh. You must be Brainless Dauntless. Enjoy your youth because you\'ll die young and in true Darwin Awards fashion.But what if you happen to be a normal person with more than one personality trait? \nWhat if you are a tree-hugging gardening-loving hippie who helps old ladies cross the street while being able to truthfully recite 34 decimal digits of pi?????? \nHIGH ALERT!!!! YOU ARE DIVERGENT!!! THE HORROR!!! YOU ARE SOMEHOW SPECIAL!!! DANGER TO THE SOCIETY!!! RUN AND HIDE!!!!This how we left things in Divergent that for all its flaws was quite entertaining. Now we\'re moving on to Insurgent where ridiculous overpowers the fun amidst nothing happening.We start with our lovely heroine Tris, recently tortured and shot in the shoulder after which she lost quite a bit of blood - right away easily jumping off trains and running around like the invincible little special snowflake she is. When she\'s not defying basic laws of human physiology, she moons over her boyfriend Tobias, and tries to pull the traditional YA self-sacrificing for the sake of the loved one cliché.Peripheral characters die left and right in this book - but Tris is not even slowed down by serious physical injuries. It\'s like she\'s Superman\'s long lost cousin. And how exactly is she so badass? Is it her \'extensive\' Dauntless training? I beg to differ.After a few weeks of haphazard training in the Dauntless compound - the training that appeared to consist of teenagers pummeling each other into pulp, shooting guns and throwing knives without any real instructions, jumping from moving trains, and never actually having time to recover from physical injuries, and playing \'Capture the Flag\' - Tris is, of course, a highly trained physical menace. If that\'s what makes you so super-fit in this dystopian world, the rest of them must be so deconditioned they fall over from just walking.Dauntless training: Left: what we are expected to believe it is. Right: what it probably looked like the entire time.Seriously, all the training happened in the previous book. This one really presents Tris as an accomplished badass - again, after a month or so of physical training. Really, book?-------Tobias, apparently less than impressed with Tris\'s special snowflake-ness, spends the majority of this book pouting at her, yelling at her, being bossy, patronizing, dismissive, and full of double standards. In the meantime, Tris spends quite a bit of time swooning over him, while Nataliya spends quite a bit of time perfecting the eye-rolling exercises (my version of Dauntless workouts, using eye muscles only). -------And here\'s the worst thing - in many many many many pages of this book not much of significance ever happens. Seriously.The rest of the story (the parts not about Tobias and Tris\' relationship) consists of contrived yet repetitive situations in this ridiculously constructed world that is completely unsustainable the way it\'s presented that read like a 12-year-old wrote them. Go to a new compound, meet stupid and selfish/evil/plotting/weak leaders, engage in a confrontation with the Erudites, meet those prejudiced against you, watch a peripheral character die, do something noble, do something reckless, do something selfless, rinse, repeat, pass \'Go\', collect some angst points.Most side characters are so under-developed and one-sided that the idea of the world where people are okay with being defined only by a single quality almost begins to make sense - except I think it\'s less deliberate planning than poor characterization. Add to this the fact that not much actually happens in this book to meaningfully advance the plot in any way - and you see how this can get juuuuust a bit frustrating. And the much-talked-about ending? I found it (a) ridiculous and (b) quite predictable - I called it not that far into the book, thinking about the only possible way a world so illogical as this one would ever come into being (and, in all honesty, I watched enough of M. Night Shyamalan\'s films to jump to the conclusion that is the Big Reveal. Call me nerdy? Well, yeah). Hey, but at least we get a mention of prefrontal cortex and mirror neurons in the context of pseudo-science of the Erudites here. Neuroscience Made Ridiculously Simple, huh? If things like that are what makes the Erudite seem smart, this world is screwed.By the way: What did smart people ever do to Veronica Roth? Erudite = Evil gets annoying rather quickly. Why is it that it\'s the ""brave"" who are awesome - and all the other qualities appear vastly inferior? Is it because Gryffindor in Harry Potter (another universe that sorted kids by their one defining character trait) housed the brave? Is it because bespectacled kids (the stereotypical \'smart\') seem like easy targets on the playground? C\'mon, Veronica Roth, smart kids are cool, oh-kay?Cool smart people. See - I\'m not kidding.Anyway, 2 stars - I feel generous since I had so much fun looking for all the Big Bang Theory images for this review. I still may read the third one because apparently I enjoy torturing myself with eyeroll-worthy books.--------By the way, my review of \'Divergent\' is right over here.And my review of  the final book in the series, \'Allegiant\', is here.Show more', '\nPeople, I have discovered, are layers and layers of secrets. \n Umm, no honey. You\'re thinking of something else... \nOf the three books, this book is the long-neglected and likely disturbed middle child. Not as fun as the first nor as smart as the third. Doesn\'t contribute or stand out. Essentially, it\'s just there, staring at us and wanting us to notice it.  The ""plot"": Tris & Co. are betrayed, run to a new faction, cue long description of new faction/faction life, Tris & Co. are betrayed...run to new faction...etc. Literally, the whole book is Tris running around of the Divergent world. It\'s like Veronica spent too much time designing these factions and didn\'t want the effort to go to waste...hence we get the grand tour. Well, I shouldn\'t say that\'s all we get...we also get gems like this:\n“Killing you is not the worst thing they can do to you,"" I say. ""Controlling you is.” \n\n\n\nYou could completely skip this novel and not miss a thing for the third.  Oh wait. They do use the classic \'government knew of everything and manipulated every possible thing to get this exact outcome.\' Lovely.My favorite part? When Veronica Roth assumed we were too stupid to understand the title:\nInsurgent, he says. Noun. A person who acts in opposition to the established authority, who is not necessarily regarded as a belligerent.\n\n\n\n\n\nMind. Freaking. Blown.\nYouTube | Blog | Instagram | Twitter | Facebook | Snapchat @miranda_readsShow more', '4.5 starsWhen I first read Divergent, I was awed. I loved it and I really enjoyed it. However there was this small part of me that just cannot acknowledge that this series could be, like most reviews had said, leveled with The Hunger Games. I don\'t know, there was something I need to see or feel for me to be completely convinced that it is worth comparing to THG or say that it could be as great as THG. And well, great job Veronica Roth, because Insurgent just had me convinced that this series is indeed f*cking AH-MA-ZING! I was floored! I can certainly say now that this series could be leveled with not just THG but other really great dystopian novels as well. I was so happy this sequel didn\'t become a filler book, or that it didn\'t suffer on the ""second-book syndrome"" in which most second novels in a trilogy tend to be. I was surprised to realized that throughout the book there were so many things that actually happened, so many discoveries and things learned. I thoroughly enjoyed the parts where we get a look on each faction. It was fascinating and interesting to see how they work and learn their beliefs and principles and ways of living. I saw the good and the bad in each of them, their issues and flaws and realized how much their world were twisted seeing how it limited their people to have their own individuality. With her grief over the loss of her parents and her guilt over Will\'s death, Tris went through an intense emotional roller coaster ride. Her regrets and remorse from what had happened drove her to make thoughtless and careless decisions and actions. Which made me ache for her but also drove me pretty crazy and frustrated me a bit. It was understandable and believable though especially after all that had happened and obstacles they were still facing. With all those emotional suffering she\'d been through she was still an amazing and admirable character, a really brave and strong-willed heroine. In the end she was able to find her way and realized the right things she has to do. Tobias/Four. I saw a lot of different sides of him in this book. His usual \'cold and aloof\' facade he wear most of the time was gone. He showed a lot of emotions in this one and he\'d been more open regarding his feelings. I saw a frustrated Four, a vulnerable Four, a regretful Four but also a very loving and caring Four and boy did I fall in love all over again!What I also loved so much in this book was how Tris and Tobias\'s relationship was handled. It was very real, believable and mature. I love that it showed how it was to have a relationship in a situation were too many obstacles, conflicts, emotional baggages were thrown. It wasn\'t easy and it wasn\'t always beautiful. But they were still able to overcome it. The downside of it helped established their relationship into a much stronger and more in depth one. I was touched by them and I just so freaking loved them. I found myself dumbfounded by the ending. It was mind blowing and I was seriously surprised. It wasn\'t really a brutal cliffhanger but it was a very good cliffhanger! I wasn\'t expecting that and it made me so excited for the next book! Overall, Insurgent was a very remarkable and impressive sequel! Once you read it, you\'ll never have a doubt about his series. I highly recommend it. Book 3, hurry up! :)) This review is also posted at Book OverdoseTeaser: ""He kisses me again, more insistent this time, his hands squeezing my waist. His breaths, his body, my body, we are so close there is no difference.""\n\nShow more', 'Insurgent (Divergent #2), Veronica RothInsurgent is a 2012 science fiction young adult novel by American novelist Veronica Roth, and the second book in the Divergent trilogy. As the sequel to the 2011 bestseller Divergent, it continues the story of Tris Prior and the dystopian post-apocalyptic version of Chicago. Following the events of the previous novel, a war now looms as conflict between the factions and their ideologies grows. While trying to save the people that she loves, Tris faces questions of grief, forgiveness, identity, loyalty, politics, and love.عنوانهای چاپ شده در ایران: «یاغی کتاب دوم از سه گانه ناهمتا»؛ «شورشی کتاب دوم از سه گانه سنت شکن»؛ نویسنده: ورونیکا راث؛ تاریخ نخستین خوانش روز بیست و ششم ماه جولای سال 2016میلادیعنوان: یاغی کتاب دوم از سه گانه ناهمتا؛ نویسنده: ورونیکا راث؛ مترجم: امیرمهدی عاطفی نیا؛ مشخصات نشر تهران، آذرباد، 1393، در 504 ص، شابک 9786006225364؛ موضوع: داستانهای نویسندگان ایالات متحده آمریکا - سده 21معنوان: شورشی کتاب دوم از سه گانه سنت شکن؛ نویسنده: ورونیکا راث؛ مترجم: هدیه منصورکیایی؛ مشخصات نشر تهران، نوروز هنر، 1393، در413ص، شابک 9789647109567؛کتاب نخست از این سری با عنوانهای: «ناهمتا»، و «سنت شکن»؛ از نشر درآمده؛ و کتاب سومش نیز با عنوان «هم پیمان» لباس نشر در زبان پارسایی پوشیده؛ و همین کتاب از سه گانه نیز، با عنوانهای «یاغی» و «شورشی» چاپ شده است؛ در آینده، پس از جنگی جهانگیر، جامعه\u200c ی شهر «شیکاگو»، به پنج فرقه\u200c ی جداگانه تقسیم شده\u200c، که هر یک از فرقه\u200c ها، از یک فضیلت ویژه ی انسانی پشتیبانی می\u200cکنند؛ نام فرقه\u200c ها: «فداکاری»، «صلح طلبی»، «صداقت»، «شجاعت» و «دانش» هستند؛ هر سال در یک روز مشخص، همه ی نوجوانان شانزده ساله، بایستی در آزمون استعداد سنجی شرکت کنند؛ تا بدون توجه به فرقه\u200c ای که در آن به دنیا آمده\u200c اند، تصمیم بگیرند که باقیمانده ی عمر خویش را، در کدامیک از پنج فرقه سپری کنند؛ «بئاتریس پرایر» شانزده ساله، عضو خانواده\u200c ای از فرقه ی «فداکاری» است، اما خوی «از خود گذشتکی»، هرگز در ذات او وجود نداشته است؛ وی زیر تاثیر محیطی که به او فشار آورده، احساس می\u200cکند، که به آن\u200cجا وابستگی ندارد؛ «بئاتریس» در آزمون استعداد سنجی، شرکت می\u200cکند، ولی نتایج آزمونش شگفت\u200c انگیز است؛ وی با تمام ورودی\u200cهای دیگر، یک فرق اساسی دارد؛ چون یک «ناهمتا» یا همان «سنت شکن» است، و این موضوع، می\u200c\u200cتواند زندگی خود، و دور و بریهایش را، زیر تأثیر قرار داده، و خطر آفرین نیز باشد، و دیگر خیال نگارگر خیال است که نگاشته و باید خواند؛ نقل نمونه متن «یاغی» برگردان جناب «امیرمهدی عاطفی نیا»: (فصل اول: در حالیکه نامش را بر زبان دارم از خواب بیدار میشوم «ویل»؛ پیش از آنکه چشمانم را باز کنم، دوباره او را مچاله شده روی سنگفرش خیابان میبینم؛ مُرده؛ به خاطر کار من!؛ «توبیاس» در برابرم خم میشود، و دستش را روی شانه ی چپم میگذارد؛ در حالیکه واگن قطار روی ریلهای خط آهن تکان میخورد، «مارکوس»، «پیتر» و «کیلب» کنار چهارچوب در ایستاده اند؛ نفس عمیقی میکشم و آن را نگه میدارم تا برخی از فشارهای درون سینه ام را تسلی بخشم؛ تا یکساعت پیش هیچ اتفاقی برایم واقعی جلوه نمیکرد و اکنون باورم وارونه شده است.؛ نفسم را بیرون میدهم اما همچنان فشار را درون سینه ام احساس میکنم؛ «توبیاس» با چشمانش مرا ورانداز میکند و میگوید: «تریس، بجنب؛ باید بپریم.»؛ هوا آنقدر تاریک است که به سختی میتوان دید کجا هستیم؛ اما اگر قرار است پیاده شویم، پس احتمالاً در نزدیکی حصار هستیم؛ «توبیاس» به من کمک میکند تا روی پاهایم بایستم و به طرف چهارچوب در هدایتم میکند؛بقیه یکی پس از دیگری بیرون میپرند: اول «پیتر»، سپس «مارکوس» و پس از آن «کیلب»؛ د��ت «توبیاس» را میگیرم؛ باد در حین ایستادن ما روی لبه ی واگن، شدت گرفته، و همچون دستی، مرا به سمت عقب هُل میدهد؛ به سمت جایی امن.؛ ولی ما خود را، به درون تاریکی پرتاب، و به شدت با زمین برخورد میکنیم.؛ ضربه، باعث درد گرفتن شانه ی گلوله خورده ام میشود؛ لبم را گاز میگیرم، تا فریاد نزنم، و دنبال برادرم میگردم.؛ وقتی او را چند قدم آنطرفتر میبینم، که روی چمنها نشسته، و زانویش را میمالد، میپرسم: «حالت خوبه؟»؛ سرش را به نشانه ی تایید تکان میدهد؛ صدای فین فین کردن بینی اش را میشنوم، انگار جلوی اشکهایش را میگیرد، و من باید از او دور شوم.؛ما در نزدیکی حصار، و روی چمنها فرود آمدیم، چند صد متر آنسوتر از جاده ی فرسوده ای، که کامیونهای فرقه ی «صلح طلبی»، روی آن حرکت، و مواد غذایی را، به شهر منتقل میکنند، و دروازه ای که، به آنها اجازه ی بیرون رفتن میدهد؛ دروازه ای که، اکنون روی ما بسته است؛ برجهای حصار که بر فراز سرمان قرار دارد، بسیار بلند، و محکم اند، و به راحتی میشود از آنها بالا رفت؛ مارکوس میپرسد: «نگهبانان فرقه ی ""شجاعت"" باید اینجا باشن؛ پس کجان؟»؛ توبیاس میگوید: «احتمالاً تحت شبیه سازی بودن، و حالا...؛»؛ مکثی میکند، و ادامه میدهد: «خدا میدونه کجان و چیکار میکنن)؛ پایان نقلتاریخ بهنگام رسانی 25/07/1399هجری خورشدی؛ 19/06/1400هجری خورشیدی؛ ا. شربیانیShow more', '2.5 stars', ""“Come on, Insurgent,”“What?”“Insurgent,” he says. “Noun. A person who acts in opposition to the established authority, who is not necessarily regarded as a belligerent.” I look at Fernando. The last time I broke into a faction’s headquarters, I did it with a gun in my hand, and I left bodies behind me. I want this time to be different. I need this time to be different. “I like it,” I say. “Insurgent. It’s perfect.”Once again I find myself with mixed views over a book. Middle books are usually filled with landscape designing, set up and transition for the next book so I usually didn't expect much from them. But Divergent is far from usual. And it’s ending? Let just say the expectation to the second book was set pretty high. I admit there were so many things I forgot about in this series. I had trouble remembering who was who -like with Tris guilt for killing Will (I can’t freaking remember who's Will was). To my defense Divergent was blindly fast pace and with a year gap between the two books it’s a bit disorienting for Insurgent to immediately jumping right in. Insurgent started directly after where the first book left us - Will's murder, Tris parents' deaths and the destruction of Dauntless and Abnegation, with Tris, Four, Marcus (Four's father) and Peter, all on the run. It picks up exactly where it ended - on the train.The first part of the story was already full of action. And comparing the amount of actions in this book to the first one? Better not, because this will give you no pause for time out. There is also a great sense of unease and unknown. As the book progresses, there are events that complicate and confuse me more that It made the pace kind of slow. But the worst was me keep guessing what's the unimaginable-scary-thing outside the fence that they kept secret -all the time. I really can’t get that out of my mind the whole time I’m reading this. It’s frustrating, like Tris-annoying-character-in-here.Insurgent has lots of loopholes and unpolished side that to my opinion is not that noticeable if you didn’t give it too damn time to criticize. Veronica writes with a believable heroine. I kind of hated Tris character in here, but it still believable none the less. I still like this book and still super like this series. The shifts gear of the ending was a major WHOA. And the other major thing that I really like is the -'It don’t have love triangle drama'! 'That' my friends, is a major plus for me._______________________________________________Post from Veronica Roth's blog about her 2nd book:INSURGENT!This post really wouldn't be complete without a dictionary definition, so here it is:\nINSURGENT.\n Origin:1755–65; < Latin insurgent- (stem of insurgēns ) present participle of insurgere: to get up, ascend, rebel.1. a person who rises in forcible opposition to lawful authority, especially a person who engages in armed resistance to a government or to the execution of its laws; rebel.2. a member of a section of a political party that revolts against the methods or policies of the party.3. one that acts contrary to the established leadership (as of a political party, union, or corporation) or its decisions and policies4. (international law) a person or group that rises in revolt against an established government or authority but whose conduct does not amount to belligerencyNot all of those definitions are equally applicable to the book-- some are more spot-on than others. But I won't tell you which ones yet.Now all I have to do is finish! Back to the writing cave!Now my friends if you haven't read Divergent yet well turn off that darn screen and run the hell out of your house and buy that freaking book and READ IT! NOW!Super love the title! <3_______________________________________________________Show more"", ""OMG! That ending! Well, now I'm going to have to binge the next two books along with some other books I'm reading so I will probably fade away into the mist somewhere! I loved this book a lot more than the first book. I'm seriously going to read that one again at some point because I think something was just off with me. I really think I had watched the movie so many times that it felt like I was kinda watching it again only not watching it and it was weird. Who knows!!! Movin' on . . . This book had a lot more going on and someone I really liked died. Well, a lot few people died in both books I liked but that's the way it goes. I'm going to have a hard time with the next books because I saw someone's spoiler about what happens to someone so that was a bummer. But, I'm going to get through it. So all of these factions are against each other now with all of the stuff that went down in the first book. Well, some are getting together to go against other ones. I can't keep up with them all. I just know that I like Abnegation and I do like the good Dauntless people. Oh, and the Amity people. It turns out Tobias is a very important man because of his parents. I still think he's crush worthy =) Not because of his parents, because it just popped in my head. Don't ask. Tris is going around like some kind of robot. It makes me wonder, I really wonder what is going on with her. I know the Divergent's are different but still, I wonder if something else is going on too. Caleb, her brother is a twat. I mean one minute he's this and one minute he's that but he's still with them. He's just easy to brain wash. Watch, I'm going to get to the end of the books and the author is going to say it was all a dream or something weird. NO ONE TELL ME! And I have to mention that I am in love with these hardback covers. I still had the plastic on the boxed set until I opened them last week and started them so I had no idea. I don't usually like those shiny weird covers, but these are awesome. I don't know if it's a different kind of shiny cover and they are so pretty and big and YES, I WILL JUST ADMIT I HAVE HUGGED AND PETTED THEM SEVERAL TIMES! There, you happy? I love my books, I can't help myself. On to the next and I'm scared =(Show more"", ""More like 3.5 for me...I didn't liked this book as much as the first one (and not that I liked the first one THAT much, either). You see, in Divergent I loved all the part of the story when Tris was trying to win a spot in Dauntless, it was awesome to read. But when all the rebelion/revolution/whatever thing started, the book went down to me, and Insurgent is ALL about that! And Tris, God, she became insufferable! Always depressed, always taking reckless desitions, telling lies to Four, and she can't even hold a gun anymore. I mean, I tried to understand her, I think I would be worse if I had suffered the things she has, but sometimes she was boring to read. I liked Tris better in the first book.Also, the ending left me all confused, but I think that was the point. Show more"", 'wait, so book three is out soon, right?? RIGHT???second books are always hard, particularly the middle book of a trilogy. so many times, they just operate as filler - adhering the beginning of a story to its conclusion with unnecessary stickiness. most trilogies should probably just be duologies, you ask me.there are always exceptions: the border trilogy, chaos walking trilogy - where the middle book is actually the strongest, and books like kjaerstad\'s jonas wergeland trilogy, where each book is a perfect luminous gem. but usually, the second book will let you down.and this is NOT a bad book. it\'s just my expectations were too, too high. i loved divergent. loved it. and that was despite its having one of the more ridiculous premises i have come across in YA fiction. but it didn\'t affect my enjoyment of the book one bit, because her writing was so remarkable, and the pacing was so blindingly fast, i barely had time to register the silliness. and by the end, when i stopped to think, ""wow, there are some ridiculous foundations to that story,"" it didn\'t matter at all, because i had had such a wonderful time reading that book.this book is a much slower and more deliberate story, with more psychological character development that slows down the pacing just enough to really highlight its weaknesses.the strengths:tris is a fantastic character. i really love her. she is tough and foolish and headstrong and capable and athletic without losing her femininity. she is completely believable. and even though she gets lost in her own head for a great deal of this book, and that can be really frustrating, it is also very believable. i mean, with everything that has happened to her and those around her, i think giving her a little me-time to mourn and wallow is completely reasonable. i\'m glad that she doesn\'t just bounce right back after everything, and that it affects her relationship with four and others around her. realism is appreciated.and her relationship with four is so refreshingly real. this is a very mature treatment of a relationship that isn\'t blinded by neediness or delusions of the others\' perfection.i was really touched by them, if you want to know the truth. they each have their own shit going on, and a lot of this book finds them dealing with that shit independently, but they keep believing in each other and the strength of their bond. i love his expectations of her. he never tries to shield her or protect her because she is such a capable character, even with all her human frailties. she never needs to be put in a corner, even when she doubts herself. my biggest problem was just, again, the factions. i thought they were silly in the first book - these very limiting designations where everyone is one of five ways with very little deviation. silly. this one just made it a little sillier, with people leaving factions and going undercover into other factions, and blending with other factions in sanctuary, and i just got a little muddled trying to remember who is wearing what color and what that means and who is double-crossing and wearing a disguise and no one can tell because they are wearing red, so everything else is overlooked...i found it hard to believe in the built world, even though she manages to give enough details that it can be accepted as ""their world, not our world."" suspend your disbelief,and you should be fine. you should read this book. you know you want to. just know that it is a more meditative volume. there is plenty of action (oh, boy, is there ever!), but overall, it is a more sedate and in-depth study of tris\' world, and the way it affects the populace. read it for tris, if nothing else.come to my blog!Show more', 'It was a decent read back then. It\'s still a decent read now, though the teen me would have enjoyed this much more.Although my rating is consistent, my thoughts have certainly developed more on it.Firstly, the plot development still continues to be action packed and really engaging. It\'s something that makes you think about the possibilities of world building. Secondly, the romance in it is what I didn\'t enjoy as much as I did before. Tris and Tobias don\'t have that chemistry which I would label as ""love"", I get that it\'s different for everyone. But I now perceive it as mere infatuation. They both keep things from each other, hardly any trust exists between them and Tris\' habit of constantly lying is what irked me back then, still irks me now. Tris and Tobias are both complex characters driven by motives of their own and I guess their flaws are what makes them human, in this case- Divergent. But something has always felt a bit off about them as a couple. Or is it just me? Peter did gain respect in my eyes (no matter how little) but I know I\'ll continue to hate Caleb. Also don\'t we agree that Uriah is highly underrated?! I love the ending for this book. Immediately moving on to Allegiant. I know I rate this three stars but I still adore this series. It\'s something I\'ll always recommend to readers.  Question - Which faction would you picture yourself to be in? Show more', 'The age of the factions could be coming to an end as war has resulted from the outcomes of Divergent, in this very compelling constructed reality, but onerous romantic plotting bestseller. Superb dystopian reality building laden with an average story-line. 6 out of 12.2016 readShow more', ""Ugggh. I wish that Tobias would just go by Four. Or Toby! That would also be good :D . . . THE COVER.I'm so freakin excited for this book!******EDIT AFTER READING*******I guess my excitement died down a little lol :P But it was really good still, even though I read it like two years after the first one :PShow more"", '\nI was glad that I decided to continue the book series!\n\nA FORETOLD DOOMED DYSTOPIA\n\nThey’ve made mistakes, of course, but they like everyone else, are a blend of good and bad.\nI commented in my review of the first book, Divergent, that the presented dystopia in the story was doomed to fail by itself, and it wasn’t any shock that happen, even due many of the observations that I did. So, I don’t know you, but I think that all was part of the plan......well, not their plan, of course......but the plan of the author, Veronica Roth......now I am realizing that she did all this intentional, and if so, it’s working wonderfully!\nSTILL THE SAME FACTIONS AND SOME ODD THINGS HERE\n\nThere is always something to learn, always something that is important to understand.\nAs I commented in my previous review......Amity and Candor are still a bunch of wimps and cowards (but as in anything, there are some exceptions)......Erudite still should be smarter to realice how faulty was this society system (but surprising enough, while the supposed “villains”, they were like the only faction trying hard to keep on the current system (by questionable methods but still)......Abnegation still is a bunch of hypocrites, and definitely is one of the factions that will suffer the worst part in this war......and Dauntless is still a bunch of moving trains jumping psychos (and now the favorite pawns of everybody)...While I say that Veronica Roth must do everything according to some secret plan of her own, still there are some odd elements in the narrative......how the heck a car took an hour to reach the Amity Headquarters from the center of the city? There wasn’t any traffic! I can’t believe that this city can be that big to need an hour to reach a compound in the limits of the fences......how is that all Abnegation house have the same inner structure? So far it seems, they took an already constructed city and they took it as their own place to live. Proof is in comments like the Candor Mart, the Ferris Wheel, and other buildings, so it’s really weird that all the sudden the Abnegation people have identical family homes......how the heck the Factionless have safe houses?! Was Dauntless (even before the shit hits the fan) sleeping? The Dauntless should be patrolling the whole city and securing non-occupied buildings, and even so, the Factionless should be contained in a sector without option of leaving the assigned areas. Now, the Factionless not only got free food and clothes, but also they can roam the entire city without supervisión? This dystopian system is everytime dumber and dumber......there was an odd comment at some moment telling that “Joshua” wasn’t an Abnegation name. Mmh. Hello! Tranfers! How the heck supposed to exist typical names in any faction if they keep tranfering a lot to other factions? \nTHE LONELY ROAD OF A HERO(INE)\n\nYou’re the best attack dog they’ve got.\nTris still can’t think of a world without the dystopian system that it has been her reality since she was born. One curious thing is that in this second book, Insurgent, the story starts just where the first book ended, there isn’t time displacement, so Tris is still with her injuries suffered during the events of the first book and with no time to heal, she will have to deal with that.Tris will be tested in her belief about the society system, but also her desire to know the truth behind it.However, she may not be prepared for the sacrifices that it will mean.Her loyalties in all levels and fields will be tested to the maximum.And it some moments, she will feel so lonely, but she may find allies in the most unlikely places.\nTHE TRUTH WILL SET YOU FREE\n\nThe truth has a way of changing a person’s plans.\nIn this book, the most inner secrets of Tris and Four will be in the open, and nothing will be the same anymore, but also, they will see how while weaker and more exposed they may be at first, now with their most personal shames known by everybody, now they are only stronger and even their enemies will be unable to push their buttons so easily now.\nFUNNY THING CALLED LOVE\n\nAnd sometimes, if you want the truth, you have to demand it.\nThe romance between Tris and Four is managed in an excellent way, since Four isn’t the perfect guy and he will do some mistakes and he will be contradictory in some of his actions, and Tris won’t be afraid of pointing out all that.I think that all that conflict makes a lot more interesting and real their love relationship without falling in cliché oversaturated romances.\nFORTITUDE IN CHARACTERS\n\nCruelty does not make a person dishonest, the same way bravery does not make a person kind.\nI commented in the first book, that the interaction and richness of the character was one of the strongest positive points in the narrative, and here, in the second book, that still the same for the good.The characters have depth, and sometimes they are so complex that it’s impossible to know what they will do or why they are doing it.The characters’ interaction is richful and with surprising twists in the least expected moments.One thing is certain, after this, nothing will be the same anymore in the story.Show more', 'My overall impression of Insurgent is mostly bipolar - on one hand, I believe this was the only possible sequel to Divergent. On the other though, I feel almost cheated by what became of one of my favorite YA heroines and series. The latter is the more dominant of the two, and hence the low rating.Firstly, the brave, sweet Tris I fell in love with in Divergent is replaced by an angsty heroine in Insurgent who is a complete STRANGER to me. What happened to my precious baby?? I realize murder and war and the works have quite an impact on people\'s personalities, and I can understand Tris\'s anguish and depression, but letting it influence everything she does, to the point where she\'s making rash and careless and selfish decisions and pushing everyone who cares about her away - that just doesn\'t sit right with me. I seriously expected more from her.Secondly, I had to force myself to finish this. The plot wasn\'t boring, but since I was so puzzled by the characters\' behavior, I couldn\'t really bring myself to read this in two sittings, like I did Divergent, and it had nothing to do with a lack of free time. Although I do admit that there were nearly as many ""OMG-WTF-just-happened"" moments in Insurgent as there were in Divergent, but where I was impressed by them in the first book, I was mostly unpleasantly surprised by them in this one.Another thing I absolutely didn\'t like? How Four (I refuse to call him Tobias) never seemed to understand Tris and that she needed love and gentleness after going through all that she did, not somebody to keep pushing her to the limit. After witnessing the chemistry and natural connection between the two in Divergent and how Roth promised there wouldn\'t be a love triangle, I was sure Tris and Four would become one of my most favorite couples in YA, once they actually got together. But while there were quite a few melty-gooey moments, they were greatly outnumbered by the moments I actually cringed inside by how crassly Four handled Tris. Still, I hope all of the above is just because this was the second book and Roth is saving all the great relationship development and intrigue for the next and final book, because otherwise, I am very, very disappointed with what became of one of my most-anticipated releases of the year. For more reviews, visit my blog.Show more', ""Oh yeah. It's amazing . . . and even better than the first."", ""If I thought the last book left me with a lot of questions, this one left me with even more. sdrftgbhjnkm. I wish I would have been able to just sit down one afternoon and read this book in one sitting, but I was so busy, but whenever I started reading, I wouldn't want to stop, but unfortunately something always got in the way.My opinions on different things through the book kept changing, and now that it's done, I can't quite figure out what I feel about most things.One thing I know for sure though, I still prefer the name 'Four' rather than 'Tobias' even though I had the whole book to try to get used to it. Show more"", '3.5 stars - Wow, what an end! Overall, a pretty good book, but boy was it infuriating!First of all, I LOVED LOVED LOVED Divergent. But I didn\'t like Tris or Four very much in this book. I don\'t remember Tris being such a bitch, and I understand that she is Dauntless now, and she has been through a lot, but she is just so mean. And Four has more mood swings than a girl - especially for someone who was so stoic, not in actual feelings but in display of feelings, in the first book. The two made me want to shake them - and not in the ""you frustrate me so much you make me hot"" kind of way. No, they made me angry in the ""why do you keep TRYING to pick a fight with each other"" and ""why do you two insist on acting so stupid!""As for the storyline itself. It started a bit slow, and it was a bit confusing as they moved from faction to faction - not because I didn\'t understand what was going on, but because I couldn\'t see how things were going to play out in the whole scheme of things. The real action doesn\'t really happen until much later, and I thought the end was kind of mind-blowing because it was NOT what I was expecting at all.Setting my frustrations with Tris aside, I did like how the book showed the different sides of her - proving she is a true Divergent, but I still don\'t understand a few things like what the Divergents\' role in how are they supposed to help/hurt the ""mission?"" I guess this is going to be left for Book 3.Overall, it was a good book, but not nearly as good as the first book because I felt a lot was going on, and I was am left with so many questions at the end. I know it\'s trying to lead readers into Book 3, but I was hoping more would have been filled along the way.Show more', 'The series went downhill from this book. I still liked it.', 'I am unable to type properly due to an extreme amount of emotion going through me at the present time. I am also thoroughly angered by the fact there aren\'t more than 5 stars to fill in. I feel something like this:\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nI will try and post up an actual review on my blog...once I get over my fangirling and that horrible mournful feeling that is associated with the fact that I have just realised that Four isn\'t real and I will never become a Dauntless and marry him.\n\nReal life sucks. Majorly.(Previous review before reading it)\n\nSuper excited - Insurgent\'s nearly out!! I was reading the first few chapters that were released yesterday and I felt content, and I sat there thinking:\n\nOf course, I\'m mainly reading it for Four (haha, very funny it rhymes):\n\n \n\n \n\nBut, of course, people just have to rain on my parade and say ""You know Four and Tris aren\'t going to last!""\n\n\n\nListen guys: Four + Tris = Fourtris. Like a FORTRESS. Ever tried taking one of those down? Uh uh - I don\'t think so!I\'m going to stop now, and go back to counting down the seconds until I get my hands on a copy of Insurgent!\n\nShow more', ""Hmm...I wonder what will happen to Peter. Will he become a better person or will he stay an a-hole? EDITFirst of all,I am NOT one of those people who give 5 star rating to every damn book they read(obviously) so I am NOT going to give Insurgent 5 stars just because Divergent was great. That is not enough. I know all of my friends will say I am crazy for not liking this book but after reading books for so many years I just can't put up with certain things. I understand some characters need to die in dystopian novels but there was so much death in here. Charley Davidson (First Grave on the Right) will have her hands full. I was completely in love with Divergent and I couldn't wait to see what will happen next. But after months of torture I got a lot of yawning and eye rolling. Tris was such a frustrated MC. The Elena Gilbert type of MC-she is always selfless,tries to do the right thing all of the freaking time. Now I'm thinking that I probably never really liked Tris. The best thing about Divergent was the story itself. Insurgent had a lot action but it felt kind of dry. It didn't had that spark-the think that got me hooked in the first place. I've said the same thing in my review of Legend. Also that so called cliffhanger was laughable. Is it even a cliffhanger? Dunno,don't care. How to rate this? I have no idea. In the end it wasn't bad but I need to remember in the future not to expect miracles from authors. One more thing,I have a major crush on Peter. I like him cause he is a bastard so that probably makes me a bad person. I just don't care,I want that twisted son of a gun. Show more"", ' “People, I have discovered, are layers and layers of secrets. You believe you know them, that you understand them, but their motives are always hidden from you, buried in their own hearts. You will never know them, but sometimes you decide to trust them.” So much better than the first one! The factions are so fleshed out, we see rounded characters with numerous flaws and traits. I loved Tris’ character development, she has learned and changed from the way she was in book 1 and her relationship with Tobias is supportive and healthy. When war breaks out among the factions and Erudite begin using simulations to control the minds of others it is time to act. The Divergent are being hunted and studied - but why? And what is this information that Erudite supposedly stole from the Abnegation? Full of action, twists and turns. This was a vast improvement on book 1 and I’m excited to see how the trilogy will end.  “Insurgent,” He says. “Noun. A person who acts in opposition to the established authority.” Show more', ""I thoroughly enjoyed this book! While it wasn't as engaging as Divergent was, I still felt it was hard to put it down at times. Overall a very satisfying sequel. "", ""do you ever just look back on this series and wonder how it got enough material for three books and approx 100 supplements?because that's the only opinion about it i have left.part of a series i'm doing in which i review books i read a long time agoShow more"", ""Meh. I really liked the first book, but somehow this one just didn't grab me as much... "", 'Warning: this review will probably contain five billion spoilers (more or less). And I probably won\'t cover them up or anything because ... I just don\'t want to. So if you are avoiding spoilers for this book like the plague, you should probably just go away.All right, now. Here we go.Let me start off by saying, I really liked Divergent. It wasn\'t the most fantastic or original thing I\'d ever read, but it was a fun read. It was exciting, it had some cute romance, and so on. I read the whole thing in only a few sittings.I found Insurgent to be much more tedious to get through. While the first book kept me hooked and seemed to go by in a flash, this book seemed to drag on for ages. That isn\'t to say I didn\'t like it––because I did like it. I just don\'t think it was as strong as Divergent. Of course, middle books in a series tend to be the worst, and since the end of this one set up a lot of interesting ideas, I am still looking forward to the third book. So anyway, I think I will start off with the things I didn\'t like, and then go on to the things I did like. The length:It was just far too long. More than 500 pages, and there were probably only three or so small sections of it that really held my attention. A lot of the book consisted of characters essentially sitting around waiting for things to happen, having conversations that lasted for too many pages, etc. I\'d say probably 200 or so pages could have been edited out. There was too much unnecessary fluff between important events, and it kept making me feel rather impatient. It got to the point where I wanted to jump up and shoot the wall out of boredom. Like Sherlock!Tris:Tris. Just. Tris. I liked her well enough in the first book. And even though she had her cool moments in this book ... over all she just started to get on my nerves. I think I said in my review of the first book that she wasn\'t a Mary Sue. But, after reading this book, I take it back. Because she was totally Mary Sue-ish in this one. First of all, there was her constant whining about how she\'d killed Will. A classic Mary Sue trait is to agonize over something you did in the past, even though it wasn\'t really your fault. After all, she shot Will out of self-defense––and Veronica Roth seems to take every opportunity to try and justify why Tris shot Will, why she didn\'t have another option (even though she totally could have just shot in the arm or something instead of the head but ... oh well). Yet, no matter how people try to convince her, Tris can\'t stop ranting about how guilty and horrible she is. And yes, I know it must be a terrible feeling to have shot your friend for no good reason. But, the reader doesn\'t have to be reminded of it every five seconds. Yes, we all feel bad for you. I think we\'ve established this already. At some point I just felt like:And to make it even more annoying, I think Christina forgave her way too easily. I mean, she just saw how people acted under the simulation and she was like, ""Oh, that\'s what Will acted like? Well then, I guess it was okay for Tris to shoot him in the head after all!"" Just ... No. Tris still could have stopped Will by just shooting him in the arm or the leg or any part of him that was not his head. I understand she was acting on impulse, but surely she could have thought straight for a second and said to herself, ""Because he\'s my friend, I should at least try not to kill him."" Yes, I could understand Christina forgiving Tris eventually ... but it should have involved more effort on Tris\'s part. I mean, Tris really didn\'t do anything to earn Christina\'s forgiveness. She killed Christina\'s boyfriend, lied about it, and didn\'t tell Christina the truth until it was literally forced out of her in front of a large group of people. In my opinion, it was kind of a cop-out.Secondly, Tris became the self-sacrificing type––you know, the type of protagonist who is always easily willing to get herself killed to save everyone else. And sure, that\'s great and all, but I always have trouble believing that kind of thing. Yes, it\'s understandable that someone might sacrifice himself/herself to save someone he/she loves, but it\'s still a difficult decision. But in this case it kind of just felt like,EVIL PERSON: SO, WHO WANTS TO DIE?TRIS:She just kept wanting to die to save everyone else––but then at the last second she would change her mind, and then someone else would have to come and save her butt. Just ... gah.My last problem with Tris ... well, I\'m not sure whether to blame it on her character or on Veronica Roth herself. But, there were just so many little things that Tris said/thought that rubbed me the wrong way. These were mostly subtle things, which I probably wouldn\'t have even noticed if I was reading quickly––and probably Roth didn\'t even mean for them to be offensive––but they just came off as feeling a bit careless and inconsiderate.For example, Tris made some remark about how Johanna ""would have been beautiful if it wasn\'t for the giant scar on her face."" Umm. So, people can\'t be beautiful if they have scars on their faces? Sure, this was only one little sentence, but it could be rather emotionally damaging if, say, someone with a scar on their face were reading it. They would probably be like, ""Gee, thanks."" Although this one I\'m not so angry about, since later on in the book Tris said something along the lines of, ""Well, actually I realized that Johanna isn\'t beautiful despite her scar, but with her scar."" So, okay Veronica. I\'ll let this one slide.Then, Tris also made a comment about Lynn that really bothered me. She made this observation about how under her baggy clothes, ""Lynn\'s body bends and curves the way it\'s supposed to."" I was just like ... Excuse me? Supposed to? Implying there\'s a single way that all female bodies are supposed to look? I don\'t understand why Roth couldn\'t have just described Lynn as being ""skinny"" or something along those lines. But in this case, her word choice was just offensive.But I think what bothered me the most was Tris\'s response when Peter saved her life. He works so hard and goes through all this crazy shit to save her, and then a) she isn\'t nearly grateful enough, and b) she even goes so far as to criticize him for the reason he saved her. Because basically, what he says is that he felt he ""owed"" her for the last time she saved his life. And then for like a paragraph, she rants about how she ""can\'t imagine thinking like that"" and how you should ""save someone because you love them and not because you feel like you owe them something."" And I\'m just like,I mean, goodness gracious Tris! He didn\'t have to save your life, you know. He could have just let Jeanine kill you and been off on his merry way. But you\'re just going to sit there and be angry with him because he didn\'t save you out of love? Oy vey. So yeah. Basically, Tris became quite obnoxious. With her constant angst, self-sacrificing nature, and uncalled for criticisms of other people, I just started to lose sympathy for her.Tobias/Four:Again ... a character I liked in the first book. And now, I\'ve grown kind of tired of him. I think he was more appealing in Divergent because he was all mysterious and secretive and whatnot. But I felt like by now, it feels less like he has interesting secrets to hide and more that he\'s just not that deep of a character. I do think parts of his backstory are interesting––like how he switched factions to escape his father, that kind of thing. But otherwise, I don\'t find him to be particularly likable.I think where I really started to dislike him was when he started beating up Marcus in front of everyone. Really, the whole thing just struck me as being a bit ridiculous.First, there was everyone constantly calling him a coward for running away from his faction. And that was like, literally the only thing people were doing to harass him. It was just like, ""HO HO HO, TOBIAS IS A CHICKEN!""And he\'s like, ""I know a logical solution to this! I shall beat up my father in front of everyone to show what a badass I am!"" And I\'m like, ""Gah, noooo Tobias. Just ... no."" I understand that he chose Dauntless, and that being called a ""coward"" when you are Dauntless is a huge insult and all. But really, he\'s what–���18 years old? He\'s an adult. I think he could be mature enough to ignore people until their insults died down. I thought his response to the situation was a weak one and it made me lose quite a bit of respect for him.But then there was also the way he treated Tris. I ... did not like it. One second he would be all over her, making out with her and telling her how wonderful she is. And the next second, he would be taking out all his anger on her and saying she was stupid and cowardly and whatnot. It was like he was totally leading her on and then pushing her away again, and it got quite annoying.Nevertheless, Tris is still obsessed with him. And then she tells him she loves him, and his response is, ""Say it again.""Uhhhh. I\'m sorry, what?I mean sure, after she repeats it he gives the normal ""I love you, too"" response. But still ... What? Telling someone you love them is kind of a big deal. And to command that they repeat it just seems unnecessarily demanding and rude. You\'re supposed to be grateful that this person had to courage to confess their love to you. You\'re not supposed to be like:*Shakes head* Well anyway ... moving along.The ""shocking twist"":- OMG BIG SPOILER BELOW -And by that I mean, the whole thing where Caleb turned out to be working for Jeanine. This is one of my greatest pet peeves. I just hate when a seemingly normal character just suddenly turns around like, ""BWAHAHA. I\'M EEEVILLL.""I just think it\'s a cheap trick. If there is some hinting towards it ... then okay, that makes it a little better. But if it doesn\'t have much foreshadow or justification, and the author is only doing it for the shock factor, that tends to piss me off. I think that\'s about all I have to say on the matter.WELL NOW. I think now would probably be a good time to explain the things I did like.Some of the secondary characters:This might seem like a lame thing to like, but really. There were a lot of characters I would have liked to have seen as the protagonist(s) rather than Tris and Tobias. Like Lynn for example. Or Uriah. They just seemed more interesting. While the main characters got rather annoying, I thought Veronica Roth did a good job with secondary characters and I wish she would have done more with them.Lynn especially. Okay seriously, I was reading this book like, ""La di da, I wonder if there will be any LGBTQ characters!"" Because I like LGBTQ characters. And then literally, Lynn confessed she was a lesbian (well, or bisexual possibly) and then died. Like, ""Oh hey everyone! I\'m gay! .... *Dies*""It just felt rather lame. Like Veronica Roth was like, ""Oh look, I made a gay character! I\'m creating character diversity! LOL But I\'m totally not going to explore that issue, so I\'m just going to wimp out and kill her ..."" *Sigh* Oh yeah, isn\'t this section supposed to be about things I like? Well, I liked Lynn. That\'s the point. I just wish she hadn\'t died. The world-building:I thought there was a disappointing lack of world-building in Divergent, and I think it improved in Insurgent. The idea of the simulations is cool (although I\'m not sure if scientifically possible, but oh well). Specifically, I think the idea of fear landscapes is quite interesting. Particularly the way Tobias interacts with his, how he checks it regularly to see if anything has changed. It\'s kind of like a really intense kind of meditation or something. As odd as it sounds, I kinda wish I could see my own fear landscape. Like sure, it would be really horrible, but it would also force me to face my fears and learn to conquer them or whatever. And that would be pretty cool. So yeah, I just think it\'s a thought-provoking idea.I\'m also glad that Roth more clearly established why this dystopian world exists and what\'s going on outside of it. That was something that really bothered me about the first book (and what bothers me about a lot of dystopian books, really)––where I\'m like, ""Wait, how did this society even come to be? Why did they think it was a good idea? What\'s going on outside of it, in the rest of the world?"" So, it\'s cool that she actually started to explain it. I mean, the explanation was pretty sudden and rushed, but still.The setup for the next book:Towards the end, I was kind of losing hope that Roth could set up enough plot for the next installment in the series. But, now I\'ve become very curious. I\'m interested in seeing what happens when these characters move out of their isolated society and into the real world. What are they going to do? How much, exactly, has changed? I didn\'t really expect to be excited to read the third book ... but now I am, because I really wonder what\'s going to happen next.So, yeah. This review had kind of become crazier than I expected. And I realize I made it seem like the cons really outweigh the pros. But really––over all, I did enjoy the book. I don\'t think it was as good as the first book, and I had a lot of issues with the pacing and characters and whatnot. However, there were exciting sections of the book that drew me in. Also, I think the world Roth has created is interesting and I do really want to see where she goes with it in the third book.Show more']"
97,"Eats, Shoots & Leaves","In Eats, Shoots & Leaves, former editor Lynne Truss, gravely concerned about our current grammatical state, boldly defends proper punctuation. She proclaims, in her delightfully urbane, witty, and very English way, that it is time to look at our commas and semicolons and see them as the wonderful and necessary things they are. Using examples from literature, history, neighborhood signage, and her own imagination, Truss shows how meaning is shaped by commas and apostrophes, and the hilarious consequences of punctuation gone awry.Featuring a foreword by Frank McCourt, and interspersed with a lively history of punctuation from the invention of the question mark in the time of Charlemagne to George Orwell shunning the semicolon, Eats, Shoots & Leaves makes a powerful case for the preservation of proper punctuation.",2003,Lynne Truss,5189,104060,209,Nonfiction,3.86,[]
98,People of the Book,"The ""complex and moving"" (The New Yorker) novel by Pulitzer Prize winner Geraldine Brooks follows a rare manuscript through centuries of exile and war. Inspired by a true story, ""People of the Book"" is a novel of sweeping historical grandeur and intimate emotional intensity by an acclaimed and beloved author. Called ""a tour de force"" by the San Francisco Chronicle, this ambitious, electrifying work traces the harrowing journey of the famed Sarajevo Haggadah, a beautifully illuminated Hebrew manuscript created in fifteenth-century Spain. When it falls to Australian rare book expert Hanna Heath to conserve this priceless work, the tiny artifacts she discovers in its ancient binding—a butterfly wing fragment, wine stains, salt crystals, a white hair—only begin to unlock the book’s deep mysteries and unexpectedly plunges Hanna into the intrigues of fine art forgers and ultra-nationalist fanatics. ",2008,Geraldine Brooks,12496,138004,372,Historical Fiction,4.02,[]
99,Cutting for Stone,"A sweeping, emotionally riveting first novel - an enthralling family saga of Africa and America, doctors and patients, exile and home.Marion and Shiva Stone are twin brothers born of a secret union between a beautiful Indian nun and a brash British surgeon at a mission hospital in Addis Ababa. Orphaned by their mother’s death in childbirth and their father’s disappearance, bound together by a preternatural connection and a shared fascination with medicine, the twins come of age as Ethiopia hovers on the brink of revolution. Yet it will be love, not politics—their passion for the same woman—that will tear them apart and force Marion, fresh out of medical school, to flee his homeland. He makes his way to America, finding refuge in his work as an intern at an underfunded, overcrowded New York City hospital. When the past catches up to him—nearly destroying him—Marion must entrust his life to the two men he thought he trusted least in the world: the surgeon father who abandoned him and the brother who betrayed him.An unforgettable journey into one man’s remarkable life, and an epic story about the power, intimacy, and curious beauty of the work of healing others.(front flap)",2009,Abraham   Verghese,27010,361159,541,Fiction,4.30,[]
100,The Martian,"Six days ago, astronaut Mark Watney became one of the first people to walk on Mars. Now, he’s sure he’ll be the first person to die there.After a dust storm nearly kills him and forces his crew to evacuate while thinking him dead, Mark finds himself stranded and completely alone with no way to even signal Earth that he’s alive—and even if he could get word out, his supplies would be gone long before a rescue could arrive. Chances are, though, he won’t have time to starve to death. The damaged machinery, unforgiving environment, or plain-old “human error” are much more likely to kill him first. But Mark isn’t ready to give up yet. Drawing on his ingenuity, his engineering skills — and a relentless, dogged refusal to quit — he steadfastly confronts one seemingly insurmountable obstacle after the next. Will his resourcefulness be enough to overcome the impossible odds against him?",2011,Andy Weir,82507,1027281,384,Science Fiction,4.41,[]
101,The Goldfinch,"Winner of the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction 2014Aged thirteen, Theo Decker, son of a devoted mother and a reckless, largely absent father, survives an accident that otherwise tears his life apart. Alone and rudderless in New York, he is taken in by the family of a wealthy friend. He is tormented by an unbearable longing for his mother, and down the years clings to the thing that most reminds him of her: a small, strangely captivating painting that ultimately draws him into the criminal underworld. As he grows up, Theo learns to glide between the drawing rooms of the rich and the dusty antiques store where he works. He is alienated and in love - and his talisman, the painting, places him at the centre of a narrowing, ever more dangerous circle.The Goldfinch is a haunted odyssey through present-day America and a drama of enthralling power. Combining unforgettably vivid characters and thrilling suspense, it is a beautiful, addictive triumph - a sweeping story of loss and obsession, of survival and self-invention, of the deepest mysteries of love, identity and fate.",2013,Donna Tartt,71040,858612,864,Fiction,3.93,[]
102,Clockwork Angel,"In a time when Shadowhunters are barely winning the fight against the forces of darkness, one battle will change the course of history forever. Welcome to the Infernal Devices trilogy, a stunning and dangerous prequel to the New York Times bestselling Mortal Instruments series.The year is 1878. Tessa Gray descends into London’s dark supernatural underworld in search of her missing brother. She soon discovers that her only allies are the demon-slaying Shadowhunters—including Will and Jem, the mysterious boys she is attracted to. Soon they find themselves up against the Pandemonium Club, a secret organization of vampires, demons, warlocks, and humans. Equipped with a magical army of unstoppable clockwork creatures, the Club is out to rule the British Empire, and only Tessa and her allies can stop them...",2010,Cassandra Clare,39368,791509,479,Fantasy,4.32,[]
103,The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks,"Her name was Henrietta Lacks, but scientists know her as HeLa. She was a poor Southern tobacco farmer who worked the same land as her enslaved ancestors, yet her cells—taken without her knowledge—became one of the most important tools in medicine. The first “immortal” human cells grown in culture, they are still alive today, though she has been dead for more than sixty years. If you could pile all HeLa cells ever grown onto a scale, they’d weigh more than 50 million metric tons—as much as a hundred Empire State Buildings. HeLa cells were vital for developing the polio vaccine; uncovered secrets of cancer, viruses, and the atom bomb’s effects; helped lead to important advances like in vitro fertilization, cloning, and gene mapping; and have been bought and sold by the billions.Yet Henrietta Lacks remains virtually unknown, buried in an unmarked grave.Now Rebecca Skloot takes us on an extraordinary journey, from the “colored” ward of Johns Hopkins Hospital in the 1950s to stark white laboratories with freezers full of HeLa cells; from Henrietta’s small, dying hometown of Clover, Virginia — a land of wooden quarters for enslaved people, faith healings, and voodoo — to East Baltimore today, where her children and grandchildren live and struggle with the legacy of her cells.Henrietta’s family did not learn of her “immortality” until more than twenty years after her death, when scientists investigating HeLa began using her husband and children in research without informed consent. And though the cells had launched a multimillion-dollar industry that sells human biological materials, her family never saw any of the profits. As Rebecca Skloot so brilliantly shows, the story of the Lacks family — past and present — is inextricably connected to the history of experimentation on African Americans, the birth of bioethics, and the legal battles over whether we control the stuff we are made of.Over the decade it took to uncover this story, Rebecca became enmeshed in the lives of the Lacks family—especially Henrietta’s daughter Deborah, who was devastated to learn about her mother’s cells. She was consumed with questions: Had scientists cloned her mother? Did it hurt her when researchers infected her cells with viruses and shot them into space? What happened to her sister, Elsie, who died in a mental institution at the age of fifteen? And if her mother was so important to medicine, why couldn’t her children afford health insurance?Intimate in feeling, astonishing in scope, and impossible to put down, The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks captures the beauty and drama of scientific discovery, as well as its human consequences.",lls.,Rebecca Skloot,38860,690031,,Nonfiction,4.10,[]
104,Unaccustomed Earth,"From the internationally best-selling, Pulitzer Prize–winning author, a superbly crafted new work of fiction: eight stories—longer and more emotionally complex than any she has yet written—that take us from Cambridge and Seattle to India and Thailand as they enter the lives of sisters and brothers, fathers and mothers, daughters and sons, friends and lovers.In the stunning title story, Ruma, a young mother in a new city, is visited by her father, who carefully tends the earth of her garden, where he and his grandson form a special bond. But he’s harboring a secret from his daughter, a love affair he’s keeping all to himself. In “A Choice of Accommodations,” a husband’s attempt to turn an old friend’s wedding into a romantic getaway weekend with his wife takes a dark, revealing turn as the party lasts deep into the night. In “Only Goodness,” a sister eager to give her younger brother the perfect childhood she never had is overwhelmed by guilt, anguish, and anger when his alcoholism threatens her family. And in “Hema and Kaushik,” a trio of linked stories—a luminous, intensely compelling elegy of life, death, love, and fate—we follow the lives of a girl and boy who, one winter, share a house in Massachusetts. They travel from innocence to experience on separate, sometimes painful paths, until destiny brings them together again years later in Rome. Unaccustomed Earth is rich with Jhumpa Lahiri’s signature gifts: exquisite prose, emotional wisdom, and subtle renderings of the most intricate workings of the heart and mind. It is a masterful, dazzling work of a writer at the peak of her powers.",2008,Jhumpa Lahiri,8540,90126,352,Fiction,4.12,[]
105,Coraline,"The day after they moved in, Coraline went exploring....In Coraline's family's new flat are twenty-one windows and fourteen doors. Thirteen of the doors open and close. The fourteenth is locked, and on the other side is only a brick wall, until the day Coraline unlocks the door to find a passage to another flat in another house just like her own. Only it's different. At first, things seem marvelous in the other flat. The food is better. The toy box is filled with wind-up angels that flutter around the bedroom, books whose pictures writhe and crawl and shimmer, little dinosaur skulls that chatter their teeth. But there's another mother, and another father, and they want Coraline to stay with them and be their little girl. They want to change her and never let her go. Other children are trapped there as well, lost souls behind the mirrors. Coraline is their only hope of rescue. She will have to fight with all her wits and all the tools she can find if she is to save the lost children, her ordinary life, and herself. Critically acclaimed and award-winning author Neil Gaiman will delight readers with his first novel for all ages.",2002,Neil Gaiman,31042,622814,176,Fantasy,4.10,[]
106,We Need to Talk About Kevin," The gripping international bestseller about motherhood gone awry.Eva never really wanted to be a mother - and certainly not the mother of the unlovable boy who murdered seven of his fellow high school students, a cafeteria worker, and a much-adored teacher who tried to befriend him, all two days before his sixteenth birthday. Now, two years later, it is time for her to come to terms with marriage, career, family, parenthood, and Kevin's horrific rampage in a series of startlingly direct correspondences with her estranged husband, Franklin. Uneasy with the sacrifices and social demotion of motherhood from the start, Eva fears that her alarming dislike for her own son may be responsible for driving him so nihilistically off the rails. ",ls. ,Lionel Shriver,16152,185233,,Fiction,4.08,[]
107,Eragon,"An alternate cover edition for ISBN 9780375826696 can be found here.One boy...One dragon...A world of adventure. When Eragon finds a polished blue stone in the forest, he thinks it is the lucky discovery of a poor farm boy; perhaps it will buy his family meat for the winter. But when the stone brings a dragon hatchling, Eragon soon realizes he has stumbled upon a legacy nearly as old as the Empire itself. Overnight his simple life is shattered, and he is thrust into a perilous new world of destiny, magic, and power. With only an ancient sword and the advice of an old storyteller for guidance, Eragon and the fledgling dragon must navigate the dangerous terrain and dark enemies of an Empire ruled by a king whose evil knows no bounds. Can Eragon take up the mantle of the legendary Dragon Riders? The fate of the Empire may rest in his hands.",2002,Christopher Paolini,25398,1665245,503,Fantasy,3.94,[]
108,Under the Banner of Heaven,"A Story of Violent FaithA multilayered, bone-chilling narrative of messianic delusion, savage violence, polygamy, and unyielding faith. This is vintage Krakauer, an utterly compelling work of nonfiction that illuminates an otherwise confounding realm of human behavior.Jon Krakauer’s literary reputation rests on insightful chronicles of lives conducted at the outer limits. In Under The Banner of Heaven: A Story of Violent Faith, he shifts his focus from extremes of physical adventure to extremes of religious belief within our own borders. At the core of his book is an appalling double murder committed by two Mormon Fundamentalist brothers, Ron and Dan Lafferty, who insist they received a revelation from God commanding them to kill their blameless victims. Beginning with a meticulously researched account of this ""divinely inspired"" crime, Krakauer constructs a multilayered, bone-chilling narrative of messianic delusion, savage violence, polygamy, and unyielding faith. Along the way, he uncovers a shadowy offshoot of America’s fastest-growing religion, and raises provocative questions about the nature of religious belief.Krakauer takes readers inside isolated communities in the American West, Canada, and Mexico, where some forty-thousand Mormon Fundamentalists believe the mainstream Mormon Church went unforgivably astray when it renounced polygamy. Defying both civil authorities and the Mormon establishment in Salt Lake City, the leaders of these outlaw sects are zealots who answer only to God. Marrying prodigiously and with virtual impunity (the leader of the largest fundamentalist church took seventy-five ""plural wives,"" several of whom were wed to him when they were fourteen or fifteen and he was in his eighties), fundamentalist prophets exercise absolute control over the lives of their followers, and preach that any day now the world will be swept clean in a hurricane of fire, sparing only their most obedient adherents.Weaving the story of the Lafferty brothers and their fanatical brethren with a clear-eyed look at Mormonism’s violent past, Krakauer examines the underbelly of the most successful homegrown faith in the United States, and finds a distinctly American brand of religious extremism. The result is vintage Krakauer, an utterly compelling work of nonfiction that illuminates an otherwise confounding realm of human behavior.",2003,Jon Krakauer,13345,193726,400,Nonfiction,4.00,[]
109,"Animal, Vegetable, Miracle","Bestselling author Barbara Kingsolver returns with her first nonfiction narrative that will open your eyes in a hundred new ways to an old truth: You are what you eat. ""As the U.S. population made an unprecedented mad dash for the Sun Belt, one carload of us paddled against the tide, heading for the Promised Land where water falls from the sky and green stuff grows all around. We were about to begin the adventure of realigning our lives with our food chain. ""Naturally, our first stop was to buy junk food and fossil fuel..."" Hang on for the ride: With characteristic poetry and pluck, Barbara Kingsolver and her family sweep readers along on their journey away from the industrial-food pipeline to a rural life in which they vow to buy only food raised in their own neighborhood, grow it themselves, or learn to live without it. Their good-humored search yields surprising discoveries about turkey sex life and overly zealous zucchini plants, en route to a food culture that's better for the neighborhood and also better on the table. Part memoir, part journalistic investigation, Animal, Vegetable, Miracle makes a passionate case for putting the kitchen back at the center of family life and diversified farms at the center of the American diet. ""This is the story of a year in which we made every attempt to feed ourselves animals and vegetables whose provenance we really knew . . . and of how our family was changed by our first year of deliberately eating food produced from the same place where we worked, went to school, loved our neighbors, drank the water, and breathed the air.""",2007,Barbara Kingsolver,11148,107469,370,Nonfiction,4.04,[]
110,A Dance with Dragons,"Alternate cover edition of ASIN B004XISI4AIn the aftermath of a colossal battle, the future of the Seven Kingdoms hangs in the balance—beset by newly emerging threats from every direction. In the east, Daenerys Targaryen, the last scion of House Targaryen, rules with her three dragons as queen of a city built on dust and death. But Daenerys has thousands of enemies, and many have set out to find her. As they gather, one young man embarks upon his own quest for the queen, with an entirely different goal in mind.Fleeing from Westeros with a price on his head, Tyrion Lannister, too, is making his way to Daenerys. But his newest allies in this quest are not the rag-tag band they seem, and at their heart lies one who could undo Daenerys’s claim to Westeros forever.Meanwhile, to the north lies the mammoth Wall of ice and stone—a structure only as strong as those guarding it. There, Jon Snow, 998th Lord Commander of the Night’s Watch, will face his greatest challenge. For he has powerful foes not only within the Watch but also beyond, in the land of the creatures of ice.From all corners, bitter conflicts reignite, intimate betrayals are perpetrated, and a grand cast of outlaws and priests, soldiers and skinchangers, nobles and slaves, will face seemingly insurmountable obstacles. Some will fail, others will grow in the strength of darkness. But in a time of rising restlessness, the tides of destiny and politics will lead inevitably to the greatest dance of all.",2011,George R.R. Martin,23592,619963,1125,Fantasy,4.33,[]
111,World Without End,"Librarian's note: An alternate cover edition can be found hereWorld Without End takes place in the same town of Kingsbridge, two centuries after the townspeople finished building the exquisite Gothic cathedral that was at the heart of The Pillars of the Earth. The cathedral and the priory are again at the center of a web of love and hate, greed and pride, ambition and revenge, but this sequel stands on its own. This time the men and women of an extraordinary cast of characters find themselves at a crossroads of new ideas—about medicine, commerce, architecture, and justice. In a world where proponents of the old ways fiercely battle those with progressive minds, the intrigue and tension quickly reach a boiling point against the devastating backdrop of the greatest natural disaster ever to strike the human race—the Black Death.",2007,Ken Follett,12711,234207,1237,Historical Fiction,4.29,[]
112,The Five People You Meet in Heaven,"From the author of the phenomenal #1 New York Times bestseller Tuesdays with Morrie, a novel that explores the unexpected connections of our lives, and the idea that heaven is more than a place; it's an answer. Eddie is a wounded war veteran, an old man who has lived, in his mind, an uninspired life. His job is fixing rides at a seaside amusement park. On his 83rd birthday, a tragic accident kills him as he tries to save a little girl from a falling cart. He awakes in the afterlife, where he learns that heaven is not a destination. It's a place where your life is explained to you by five people, some of whom you knew, others who may have been strangers. One by one, from childhood to soldier to old age, Eddie's five people revisit their connections to him on earth, illuminating the mysteries of his ""meaningless"" life, and revealing the haunting secret behind the eternal question: ""Why was I here?""",2003,Mitch Albom,25617,675487,196,Fiction,3.97,[]
113,On Beauty,"Howard Belsey, a Rembrandt scholar who doesn't like Rembrandt, is an Englishman abroad and a long-suffering professor at Wellington, a liberal New England arts college. He has been married for thirty years to Kiki, an American woman who no longer resembles the sexy activist she once was. Their three children passionately pursue their own paths: Levi quests after authentic blackness, Zora believes that intellectuals can redeem everybody, and Jerome struggles to be a believer in a family of strict atheists. Faced with the oppressive enthusiasms of his children, Howard feels that the first two acts of his life are over and he has no clear plans for the finale. Or the encore.Then Jerome, Howard's older son, falls for Victoria, the stunning daughter of the right-wing icon Monty Kipps, and the two families find themselves thrown together in a beautiful corner of America, enacting a cultural and personal war against the background of real wars that they barely register. An infidelity, a death, and a legacy set in motion a chain of events that sees all parties forced to examine the unarticulated assumptions which underpin their lives. How do you choose the work on which to spend your life? Why do you love the people you love? Do you really believe what you claim to? And what is the beautiful thing, and how far will you go to get it?Set on both sides of the Atlantic, Zadie Smith's third novel is a brilliant analysis of family life, the institution of marriage, intersections of the personal and political, and an honest look at people's deceptions. It is also, as you might expect, very funny indeed.",2005,Zadie Smith,5478,78160,445,Fiction,3.76,[]
114,Year of Wonders,"When an infected bolt of cloth carries plague from London to an isolated village, a housemaid named Anna Frith emerges as an unlikely heroine and healer. Through Anna's eyes we follow the story of the fateful year of 1666, as she and her fellow villagers confront the spread of disease and superstition. As death reaches into every household and villagers turn from prayers to murderous witch-hunting, Anna must find the strength to confront the disintegration of her community and the lure of illicit love. As she struggles to survive and grow, a year of catastrophe becomes instead annus mirabilis, a ""year of wonders.""Inspired by the true story of Eyam, a village in the rugged hill country of England, Year of Wonders is a richly detailed evocation of a singular moment in history.",2001,Geraldine Brooks,11638,154297,304,Historical Fiction,4.01,[]
115,The Known World,"One of the most acclaimed novels in recent memory, The Known World is a daring and ambitious work by Pulitzer Prize winner Edward P. Jones.The Known World tells the story of Henry Townsend, a black farmer and former slave who falls under the tutelage of William Robbins, the most powerful man in Manchester County, Virginia. Making certain he never circumvents the law, Townsend runs his affairs with unusual discipline. But when death takes him unexpectedly, his widow, Caldonia, can't uphold the estate's order, and chaos ensues. Jones has woven a footnote of history into an epic that takes an unflinching look at slavery in all its moral complexities.",2003,Edward P. Jones,3525,40241,388,Historical Fiction,3.83,[]
116,Graceling,"Katsa has been able to kill a man with her bare hands since she was eight—she’s a Graceling, one of the rare people in her land born with an extreme skill. As niece of the king, she should be able to live a life of privilege, but Graced as she is with killing, she is forced to work as the king’s thug. She never expects to fall in love with beautiful Prince Po. She never expects to learn the truth behind her Grace—or the terrible secret that lies hidden far away . . . a secret that could destroy all seven kingdoms with words alone. With elegant, evocative prose and a cast of unforgettable characters, debut author Kristin Cashore creates a mesmerizing world, a death-defying adventure, and a heart-racing romance that will consume you, hold you captive, and leave you wanting more.",2008,Kristin Cashore,25439,440666,471,Fantasy,4.07,[]
117,A Feast for Crows,"Crows will fight over a dead man's flesh, and kill each other for his eyes.Bloodthirsty, treacherous and cunning, the Lannisters are in power on the Iron Throne in the name of the boy-king Tommen. The war in the Seven Kingdoms has burned itself out, but in its bitter aftermath new conflicts spark to life.The Martells of Dorne and the Starks of Winterfell seek vengeance for their dead. Euron Crow's Eye, as black a pirate as ever raised a sail, returns from the smoking ruins of Valyria to claim the Iron Isles. From the icy north, where Others threaten the Wall, apprentice Maester Samwell Tarly brings a mysterious babe in arms to the Citadel.Against a backdrop of incest and fratricide, alchemy and murder, victory will go to the men and women possessed of the coldest steel and the coldest hearts.",2005,George R.R. Martin,23269,695640,1061,Fantasy,4.15,[]
118,The Last Olympian,"All year the half-bloods have been preparing for battle against the Titans, knowing the odds of victory are grim. Kronos's army is stronger than ever, and with every god and half-blood he recruits, the evil Titan's power only grows.While the Olympians struggle to contain the rampaging monster Typhon, Kronos begins his advance on New York City, where Mount Olympus stands virtually unguarded. Now it's up to Percy Jackson and an army of young demigods to stop the Lord of Time. In this momentous final book in the New York Times best-selling series, the long-awaited prophecy surrounding Percy's sixteenth birthday unfolds. And as the battle for Western civilization rages on the streets of Manhattan, Percy faces a terrifying suspicion that he may be fighting against his own fate.",2009,Rick Riordan,33558,885266,381,Fantasy,4.53,[]
119,The Maze Runner,"There are alternate cover editions for this ASIN here and here.If you ain’t scared, you ain’t human. When Thomas wakes up in the lift, the only thing he can remember is his name. He’s surrounded by strangers—boys whose memories are also gone. Nice to meet ya, shank. Welcome to the Glade. Outside the towering stone walls that surround the Glade is a limitless, ever-changing maze. It’s the only way out—and no one’s ever made it through alive. Everything is going to change. Then a girl arrives. The first girl ever. And the message she delivers is terrifying. Remember. Survive. Run.",2009,James Dashner,62049,1387789,384,Young Adult,4.04,[]
120,Freedom,"Patty and Walter Berglund were the new pioneers of old St. Paul—the gentrifiers, the hands-on parents, the avant-garde of the Whole Foods generation. Patty was the ideal sort of neighbor, who could tell you where to recycle your batteries and how to get the local cops to actually do their job. She was an enviably perfect mother and the wife of Walter's dreams. Together with Walter—environmental lawyer, commuter cyclist, total family man—she was doing her small part to build a better world.But now, in the new millennium, the Berglunds have become a mystery. Why has their teenage son moved in with the aggressively Republican family next door? Why has Walter taken a job working with Big Coal? What exactly is Richard Katz—outré rocker and Walter's college best friend and rival—still doing in the picture? Most of all, what has happened to Patty? Why has the bright star of Barrier Street become ""a very different kind of neighbor,"" an implacable Fury coming unhinged before the street's attentive eyes?In his first novel since The Corrections, Jonathan Franzen has given us an epic of contemporary love and marriage. Freedom comically and tragically captures the temptations and burdens of liberty: the thrills of teenage lust, the shaken compromises of middle age, the wages of suburban sprawl, the heavy weight of empire. In charting the mistakes and joys of Freedom's characters as they struggle to learn how to live in an ever more confusing world, Franzen has produced an indelible and deeply moving portrait of our time.(jacket)",2010,Jonathan Franzen,14492,163707,562,Fiction,3.77,[]
121,Thirteen Reasons Why,"You can’t stop the future. You can’t rewind the past.The only way to learn the secret . . . is to press play.Clay Jensen returns home from school to find a strange package with his name on it lying on his porch. Inside he discovers several cassette tapes recorded by Hannah Baker–his classmate and crush–who committed suicide two weeks earlier. Hannah’s voice tells him that there are thirteen reasons why she decided to end her life. Clay is one of them. If he listens, he’ll find out why. Clay spends the night crisscrossing his town with Hannah as his guide. He becomes a firsthand witness to Hannah’s pain, and as he follows Hannah’s recorded words throughout his town, what he discovers changes his life forever.",2007,Jay Asher,55180,922338,352,Young Adult,3.86,[]
122,The Millennium Trilogy,"Stieg Larsson’s Millennium Trilogy is now available in a complete hardcover set.
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo

Harriet Vanger, a scion of one of Sweden’s wealthiest families disappeared without a trace more than forty years ago. All these years later, her aged uncle continues to try to discover what happened to her. He hires Mikael Blomkvist, a journalist recently sidelined by a libel conviction, to investigate. Blomkvist is aided by the pierced and tattooed computer prodigy Lisbeth Salander. Together they tap into a vein of unfathomable iniquity and astonishing corruption on their way to discovering the truth of Harriet Vanger’s fate.
The Girl Who Played with Fire

Mikael Blomkvist, now the crusading publisher of the magazine Millennium, has decided to run a story that will expose an extensive sex trafficking operation. On the eve of its publication, the two reporters responsible for the article are murdered, and the fingerprints found on the murder weapon belong to his friend Lisbeth Salander. Blomkvist, convinced of Salander’s innocence, plunges into an investigation of the murders. Meanwhile, Salander herself is drawn into a murderous game of cat and mouse, which forces her to face her dark past.
The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest
Lisbeth Salander lies in critical condition, a bullet wound to her head, in the intensive care unit of a Swedish city hospital. She’s fighting for her life in more ways than one: if and when she recovers, she’ll be taken back to Stockholm to stand trial for three murders. With the help of Mikael Blomkvist, she will not only have to prove her innocence, but also identify and denounce those in authority who have allowed the vulnerable, like herself, to suffer abuse and violence. On her own, she will plot revenge—against the man who tried to kill her, and against the corrupt government institutions that very nearly destroyed her life.",2005,Stieg Larsson,1881,53780,1531,Fiction,4.46,[]
123,The Sea of Monsters,"The heroic son of Poseidon makes an action-packed comeback in the second must-read installment of Rick Riordan's amazing young readers series. Starring Percy Jackson, a ""half blood"" whose mother is human and whose father is the God of the Sea, Riordan's series combines cliffhanger adventure and Greek mythology lessons that results in true page-turners that get better with each installment.In this episode, The Sea of Monsters, Percy sets out to retrieve the Golden Fleece before his summer camp is destroyed, surpassing the first book's drama and setting the stage for more thrills to come.",2006,Rick Riordan,38769,1018544,279,Fantasy,4.24,[]
124,World War Z,"The Zombie War came unthinkably close to eradicating humanity. Max Brooks, driven by the urgency of preserving the acid-etched first-hand experiences of the survivors from those apocalyptic years, traveled across the United States of America and throughout the world, from decimated cities that once teemed with upwards of thirty million souls to the most remote and inhospitable areas of the planet. He recorded the testimony of men, women, and sometimes children who came face-to-face with the living, or at least the undead, hell of that dreadful time. World War Z is the result. Never before have we had access to a document that so powerfully conveys the depth of fear and horror, and also the ineradicable spirit of resistance, that gripped human society through the plague years.Ranging from the now infamous village of New Dachang in the United Federation of China, where the epidemiological trail began with the twelve-year-old Patient Zero, to the unnamed northern forests where untold numbers sought a terrible and temporary refuge in the cold, to the United States of Southern Africa, where the Redeker Plan provided hope for humanity at an unspeakable price, to the west-of-the-Rockies redoubt where the North American tide finally started to turn, this invaluable chronicle reflects the full scope and duration of the Zombie War.Most of all, the book captures with haunting immediacy the human dimension of this epochal event. Facing the often raw and vivid nature of these personal accounts requires a degree of courage on the part of the reader, but the effort is invaluable because, as Mr. Brooks says in his introduction, ""By excluding the human factor, aren't we risking the kind of personal detachment from history that may, heaven forbid, lead us one day to repeat it? And in the end, isn't the human factor the only true difference between us and the enemy we now refer to as 'the living dead'?""Note: Some of the numerical and factual material contained in this edition was previously published under the auspices of the United Nations Postwar Commission.",2006,Max Brooks,28356,499180,342,Horror,4.02,[]
125,The Ocean at the End of the Lane,"Sussex, England. A middle-aged man returns to his childhood home to attend a funeral. Although the house he lived in is long gone, he is drawn to the farm at the end of the road, where, when he was seven, he encountered a most remarkable girl, Lettie Hempstock, and her mother and grandmother. He hasn't thought of Lettie in decades, and yet as he sits by the pond (a pond that she'd claimed was an ocean) behind the ramshackle old farmhouse, the unremembered past comes flooding back. And it is a past too strange, too frightening, too dangerous to have happened to anyone, let alone a small boy.Forty years earlier, a man committed suicide in a stolen car at this farm at the end of the road. Like a fuse on a firework, his death lit a touchpaper and resonated in unimaginable ways. The darkness was unleashed, something scary and thoroughly incomprehensible to a little boy. And Lettie—magical, comforting, wise beyond her years—promised to protect him, no matter what.A groundbreaking work from a master, The Ocean at the End of the Lane is told with a rare understanding of all that makes us human, and shows the power of stories to reveal and shelter us from the darkness inside and out. It is a stirring, terrifying, and elegiac fable as delicate as a butterfly's wing and as menacing as a knife in the dark.",2013,Neil Gaiman,55436,573726,181,Fantasy,4.01,[]
126,Seabiscuit,"There's an alternate cover edition hereSeabiscuit was one of the most electrifying and popular attractions in sports history and the single biggest newsmaker in the world in 1938, receiving more coverage than FDR, Hitler, or Mussolini. But his success was a surprise to the racing establishment, which had written off the crooked-legged racehorse with the sad tail. Three men changed Seabiscuit’s fortunes:Charles Howard was a onetime bicycle repairman who introduced the automobile to the western United States and became an overnight millionaire. When he needed a trainer for his new racehorses, he hired Tom Smith, a mysterious mustang breaker from the Colorado plains. Smith urged Howard to buy Seabiscuit for a bargain-basement price, then hired as his jockey Red Pollard, a failed boxer who was blind in one eye, half-crippled, and prone to quoting passages from Ralph Waldo Emerson. Over four years, these unlikely partners survived a phenomenal run of bad fortune, conspiracy, and severe injury to transform Seabiscuit from a neurotic, pathologically indolent also-ran into an American sports icon. Author Laura Hillenbrand brilliantly re-creates a universal underdog story, one that proves life is a horse race.From the Hardcover edition.",1999,Laura Hillenbrand,4834,159002,457,Nonfiction,4.22,[]
127,Shantaram,"""It took me a long time and most of the world to learn what I know about love and fate and the choices we make, but the heart of it came to me in an instant, while I was chained to a wall and being tortured.""So begins this epic, mesmerizing first novel set in the underworld of contemporary Bombay. Shantaram is narrated by Lin, an escaped convict with a false passport who flees maximum security prison in Australia for the teeming streets of a city where he can disappear.Accompanied by his guide and faithful friend, Prabaker, the two enter Bombay's hidden society of beggars and gangsters, prostitutes and holy men, soldiers and actors, and Indians and exiles from other countries, who seek in this remarkable place what they cannot find elsewhere.As a hunted man without a home, family, or identity, Lin searches for love and meaning while running a clinic in one of the city's poorest slums, and serving his apprenticeship in the dark arts of the Bombay mafia. The search leads him to war, prison torture, murder, and a series of enigmatic and bloody betrayals. The keys to unlock the mysteries and intrigues that bind Lin are held by two people. The first is Khader Khan: mafia godfather, criminal-philosopher-saint, and mentor to Lin in the underworld of the Golden City. The second is Karla: elusive, dangerous, and beautiful, whose passions are driven by secrets that torment her and yet give her a terrible power.Burning slums and five-star hotels, romantic love and prison agonies, criminal wars and Bollywood films, spiritual gurus and mujaheddin guerrillas—this huge novel has the world of human experience in its reach, and a passionate love for India at its heart. Based on the life of the author, it is by any measure the debut of an extraordinary voice in literature.",2003,Gregory David Roberts,15709,200683,936,Fiction,4.27,[]
128,The Elegance of the Hedgehog,"A moving, funny, triumphant novel that exalts the quiet victories of the inconspicuous among us.We are in the center of Paris, in an elegant apartment building inhabited by bourgeois families. Renée, the concierge, is witness to the lavish but vacuous lives of her numerous employers. Outwardly she conforms to every stereotype of the concierge: fat, cantankerous, addicted to television. Yet, unbeknownst to her employers, Renée is a cultured autodidact who adores art, philosophy, music, and Japanese culture. With humor and intelligence she scrutinizes the lives of the building's tenants, who for their part are barely aware of her existence. Then there's Paloma, a twelve-year-old genius. She is the daughter of a tedious parliamentarian, a talented and startlingly lucid child who has decided to end her life on the sixteenth of June, her thirteenth birthday. Until then she will continue behaving as everyone expects her to behave: a mediocre pre-teen high on adolescent subculture, a good but not an outstanding student, an obedient if obstinate daughter. Paloma and Renée hide both their true talents and their finest qualities from a world they suspect cannot or will not appreciate them. They discover their kindred souls when a wealthy Japanese man named Ozu arrives in the building. Only he is able to gain Paloma's trust and to see through Renée's timeworn disguise to the secret that haunts her. This is a moving, funny, triumphant novel that exalts the quiet victories of the inconspicuous among us.",2006,Muriel Barbery,20128,174610,325,Fiction,3.79,[]
129,The Titan's Curse,"It's not everyday you find yourself in combat with a half-lion, half-human.But when you're the son of a Greek god, it happens. And now my friend Annabeth is missing, a goddess is in chains and only five half-blood heroes can join the quest to defeat the doomsday monster.Oh, and guess what? The Oracle has predicted that not all of us will survive...",2007,Rick Riordan,31038,922708,320,Fantasy,4.36,[]
130,Shadow Kiss,"WHAT IF FOLLOWING HER HEART MEANS ROSE COULD LOSE HER BEST FRIEND FOREVER?Lissa Dragomir is a Moroi princess: a mortal vampire with a rare gift for harnessing the earth's magic. She must be protected at all times from Strigoi; the fiercest vampires - the ones who never die. The powerful blend of human and vampire blood that flows through Rose Hathaway, Lissa's best friend, makes her a Dhampir. Rose is dedicated to a dangerous life of protecting Lissa from the Strigoi, who are hell-bent on making Lissa one of them.Rose knows it is forbidden to love another guardian. Her best friend, Lissa - the last Dragomir princess - must always come first. Unfortunately, when it comes to gorgeous Dimitri Belikov, some rules are meant to be broken...Then a strange darkness begins to grow in Rose's mind, and ghostly shadows warn of a terrible evil drawing nearer to the Academy's iron gates. The immortal undead are closing in, and they want vengeance for the lives Rose has stolen. In a heart-stopping battle to rival her worst nightmares, Rose will have to choose between life, love, and the two people who matter most... but will her choice mean that only one can survive?",2008,Richelle Mead,12695,354289,443,Young Adult,4.34,[]
131,2666,"A cuatro profesores de literatura, Pelletier, Morini, Espinoza y Norton, los une su fascinación por la obra de Beno von Archimboldi, un enigmático escritor alemán cuyo prestigio crece en todo el mundo. La complicidad se vuelve vodevil intelectual y desemboca en un peregrinaje a Santa Teresa (trasunto de Ciudad Juárez), donde hay quien dice que Archimboldi ha sido visto. Ya allí, Pelletier y Espinoza se enteran de que la ciudad es desde años atrás escenario de una larga cadena de crímenes: en los vertederos aparecen cadáveres de mujeres con señales de haber sido violadas y torturadas. Es el primer asomo de la novela a sus procelosos caudales, repletos de personajes memorables cuyas historias, a caballo entre la risa y el horror, abarcan dos continentes e incluyen un vertiginoso travelling por la historia europea del siglo XX. 2666 confirma el veredicto de Susan Sontag: ""el más influyente y admirado novelista en lengua española de su generación. Su muerte, a los cincuenta años, es una gran pérdida para la literatura"".",2004,Roberto Bolaño,4554,38749,1128,Fiction,4.19,[]
132,The Battle of the Labyrinth,"Percy Jackson isn't expecting freshman orientation to be any fun. But when a mysterious mortal acquaintance appears at his potential new school, followed by demon cheerleaders, things quickly move from bad to worse.In this fourth installment of the blockbuster series, time is running out as war between the Olympians and the evil Titan lord Kronos draws near. Even the safe haven of Camp Half-Blood grows more vulnerable by the minute as Kronos's army prepares to invade its once impenetrable borders. To stop the invasion, Percy and his demigod friends must set out on a quest through the Labyrinth - a sprawling underground world with stunning surprises at every turn.",2008,Rick Riordan,28229,962988,361,Fantasy,4.41,[]
133,The Last Lecture,"A lot of professors give talks titled 'The Last Lecture'. Professors are asked to consider their demise and to ruminate on what matters most to them: What wisdom would we impart to the world if we knew it was our last chance? If we had to vanish tomorrow, what would we want as our legacy?When Randy Pausch, a computer science professor at Carnegie Mellon, was asked to give such a lecture, he didn't have to imagine it as his last, since he had recently been diagnosed with terminal cancer. But the lecture he gave, 'Really Achieving Your Childhood Dreams', wasn't about dying. It was about the importance of overcoming obstacles, of enabling the dreams of others, of seizing every moment (because time is all you have and you may find one day that you have less than you think). It was a summation of everything Randy had come to believe. It was about living.In this book, Randy Pausch has combined the humour, inspiration, and intelligence that made his lecture such a phenomenon and given it an indelible form. It is a book that will be shared for generations to come.",2008,Randy Pausch,18771,332860,206,Nonfiction,4.26,[]
134,Olive Kitteridge,"Winner of the Pulitzer Prize, Olive Kitteridge offers profound insights into the human condition – its conflicts, its tragedies and joys, and the endurance it requires.At times stern, at other times patient, at times perceptive, at other times in sad denial, Olive Kitteridge, a retired schoolteacher, deplores the changes in her little town of Crosby, Maine, and in the world at large, but she doesn’t always recognize the changes in those around her: a lounge musician haunted by a past romance; a former student who has lost the will to live; Olive’s own adult child, who feels tyrannized by her irrational sensitivities; and her husband, Henry, who finds his loyalty to his marriage both a blessing and a curse. As the townspeople grapple with their problems, mild and dire, Olive is brought to a deeper understanding of herself and her life – sometimes painfully, but always with ruthless honesty.",2008,Elizabeth Strout,23199,220846,270,Fiction,3.85,[]
135,Frostbite,"Rose loves Dimitri, Dimitri might love Tasha, and Mason would die to be with Rose…It’s winter break at St. Vladimir’s, but Rose is feeling anything but festive. A massive Strigoi attack has put the school on high alert, and now the Academy’s crawling with Guardians—including Rose’s hard-hitting mother, Janine Hathaway. And if hand-to-hand combat with her mom wasn’t bad enough, Rose’s tutor Dimitri has his eye on someone else, her friend Mason’s got a huge crush on her, and Rose keeps getting stuck in Lissa’s head while she’s making out with her boyfriend, Christian! The Strigoi are closing in, and the Academy’s not taking any risks.... This year, St. Vlad’s annual holiday ski trip is mandatory.But the glittering winter landscape and the posh Idaho resort only create the illusion of safety. When three friends run away in an offensive move against the deadly Strigoi, Rose must join forces with Christian to rescue them. But heroism rarely comes without a price…",2008,Richelle Mead,12890,342369,327,Young Adult,4.26,[]
136,The Lost Symbol,"WHAT IS LOST...WILL BE FOUNDIn this stunning follow-up to the global phenomenon The Da Vinci Code, Dan Brown demonstrates once again why he is the world's most popular thriller writer. The Lost Symbol is a masterstroke of storytelling - a deadly race through a real-world labyrinth of codes, secrets, and unseen truths...all under the watchful eye of Brown's most terrifying villain to date. Set within the hidden chambers, tunnels, and temples of Washington, DC., The Lost Symbol accelerates through a startling landscape toward an unthinkable finale.As the story opens, Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon is summoned unexpectedly to deliver an evening lecture in the U.S. Capitol Building. Within minutes of his arrival, however, the night takes a bizarre turn. A disturbing object - artfully encoded with five symbols - is discovered in the Capitol Building. Langdon recognizes the object as an ancient invitation...one meant to usher its recipient into a long-lost world of esoteric wisdom.When Langdon's beloved mentor, Peter Solomon - a prominent Mason and philanthropist - is brutally kidnapped, Langdon realizes his only hope of saving Peter is to accept this mystical invitation and follow wherever it leads him. Langdon is instantly into a clandestine world of Masonic secrets, hidden history, and never-before-seen locations - all of which seem to be dragging him toward a single, inconceivable truth.As the world discovered in The Da Vinci Code and Angels & Demons, Dan Brown's novels are brilliant tapestries of veiled histories, arcane symbols, and enigmatic codes. In this new novel, he again challenges readers with an intelligent, lightning-paced story that offers surprises at every turn. The Lost Symbol is exactly what Brown's fans have been waiting for...his most thrilling novel yet.(jacket)",2009,Dan Brown,29085,584484,509,Fiction,3.74,[]
137,Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children,"Alternate Cover edition for ISBN 9781594744761A mysterious island. An abandoned orphanage. A strange collection of very curious photographs. It all waits to be discovered in Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children, an unforgettable novel that mixes fiction and photography in a thrilling reading experience. As our story opens, a horrific family tragedy sets sixteen-year-old Jacob journeying to a remote island off the coast of Wales, where he discovers the crumbling ruins of Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children. As Jacob explores its abandoned bedrooms and hallways, it becomes clear that the children were more than just peculiar. They may have been dangerous. They may have been quarantined on a deserted island for good reason. And somehow-impossible though it seems-they may still be alive. A spine-tingling fantasy illustrated with haunting vintage photography, Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children will delight adults, teens, and anyone who relishes an adventure in the shadows.",2011,Ransom Riggs,65194,1189065,352,Fantasy,3.92,[]
138,Me Before You,"A newer edition of ISBN 978-0143124542 can be found here.From the #1 New York Times bestselling author of The Giver of Stars, discover the love story that captured over 20 million hearts in Me Before You, After You, and Still Me.They had nothing in common until love gave them everything to lose . . .Louisa Clark is an ordinary girl living an exceedingly ordinary life—steady boyfriend, close family—who has barely been farther afield than their tiny village. She takes a badly needed job working for ex–Master of the Universe Will Traynor, who is wheelchair bound after an accident. Will has always lived a huge life—big deals, extreme sports, worldwide travel—and now he’s pretty sure he cannot live the way he is.Will is acerbic, moody, bossy—but Lou refuses to treat him with kid gloves, and soon his happiness means more to her than she expected. When she learns that Will has shocking plans of his own, she sets out to show him that life is still worth living.A Love Story for this generation and perfect for fans of John Green’s The Fault in Our Stars, Me Before You brings to life two people who couldn’t have less in common—a heartbreakingly romantic novel that asks, What do you do when making the person you love happy also means breaking your own heart?",2012,Jojo Moyes,91663,1496071,369,Romance,4.26,[]
139,Wolf Hall,"England in the 1520s is a heartbeat from disaster. If the king dies without a male heir, the country could be destroyed by civil war. Henry VIII wants to annul his marriage of twenty years and marry Anne Boleyn. The pope and most of Europe opposes him. Into this impasse steps Thomas Cromwell: a wholly original man, a charmer and a bully, both idealist and opportunist, astute in reading people, and implacable in his ambition. But Henry is volatile: one day tender, one day murderous. Cromwell helps him break the opposition, but what will be the price of his triumph?",2009,Hilary Mantel,18402,198954,653,Historical Fiction,3.90,[]
140,Reading Lolita in Tehran,"Every Thursday morning for two years in the Islamic Republic of Iran, a bold and inspired teacher named Azar Nafisi secretly gathered seven of her most committed female students to read forbidden Western classics. As Islamic morality squads staged arbitrary raids in Tehran, fundamentalists seized hold of the universities, and a blind censor stifled artistic expression, the girls in Azar Nafisi's living room risked removing their veils and immersed themselves in the worlds of Jane Austen, F. Scott Fitzgerald, Henry James, and Vladimir Nabokov. In this extraordinary memoir, their stories become intertwined with the ones they are reading. Reading Lolita in Tehran is a remarkable exploration of resilience in the face of tyranny and a celebration of the liberating power of literature.",back,Azar Nafisi,8530,130612,,Nonfiction,3.64,[]
141,The Tales of Beedle the Bard,"""The Tales of Beedle the Bard"" contains five richly diverse fairy tales, each with its own magical character, that will variously bring delight, laughter and the thrill of mortal peril.Additional notes for each story penned by Professor Albus Dumbledore will be enjoyed by Muggles and wizards alike, as the Professor muses on the morals illuminated by the tales, and reveals snippets of information about life at Hogwarts.A uniquely magical volume, with illustrations by the author, J. K. Rowling, that will be treasured for years to come.",2008,J.K. Rowling,17645,468356,105,Fantasy,4.05,[]
142,Inkheart,"Alternate cover edition: 9780439709101From internationally acclaimed storyteller Cornelia Funke, this bestselling, magical epic is now out in paperback!One cruel night, Meggie's father reads aloud from a book called INKHEART-- and an evil ruler escapes the boundaries of fiction and lands in their living room. Suddenly, Meggie is smack in the middle of the kind of adventure she has only read about in books. Meggie must learn to harness the magic that has conjured this nightmare. For only she can change the course of the story that has changed her life forever.This is INKHEART--a timeless tale about books, about imagination, about life. Dare to read it aloud.",2003,Cornelia Funke,13483,407939,563,Fantasy,3.91,[]
143,1Q84,"The year is 1984 and the city is Tokyo.A young woman named Aomame follows a taxi driver’s enigmatic suggestion and begins to notice puzzling discrepancies in the world around her. She has entered, she realizes, a parallel existence, which she calls 1Q84 —“Q is for ‘question mark.’ A world that bears a question.” Meanwhile, an aspiring writer named Tengo takes on a suspect ghostwriting project. He becomes so wrapped up with the work and its unusual author that, soon, his previously placid life begins to come unraveled. As Aomame’s and Tengo’s narratives converge over the course of this single year, we learn of the profound and tangled connections that bind them ever closer: a beautiful, dyslexic teenage girl with a unique vision; a mysterious religious cult that instigated a shoot-out with the metropolitan police; a reclusive, wealthy dowager who runs a shelter for abused women; a hideously ugly private investigator; a mild-mannered yet ruthlessly efficient bodyguard; and a peculiarly insistent television-fee collector.A love story, a mystery, a fantasy, a novel of self-discovery, a dystopia to rival George Orwell’s — 1Q84 is Haruki Murakami’s most ambitious undertaking yet: an instant best seller in his native Japan, and a tremendous feat of imagination from one of our most revered contemporary writers.",2009,Haruki Murakami,21120,243266,925,Fiction,3.94,[]
144,The Plot Against America,"In an astonishing feat of narrative invention, our most ambitious novelist imagines an alternate version of American history. In 1940 Charles A. Lindbergh, heroic aviator and rabid isolationist, is elected President. Shortly thereafter, he negotiates a cordial ""understanding"" with Adolf Hitler, while the new government embarks on a program of folksy anti-Semitism.For one boy growing up in Newark, Lindbergh's election is the first in a series of ruptures that threatens to destroy his small, safe corner of America - and with it, his mother, his father, and his older brother.(back cover)",2004,Philip Roth,4946,58238,391,Fiction,3.79,[]
145,Uglies,"Tally is about to turn sixteen, and she can't wait. In just a few weeks she'll have the operation that will turn her from a repellent ugly into a stunning pretty. And as a pretty, she'll be catapulted into a high-tech paradise where her only job is to have fun.But Tally's new friend Shay isn't sure she wants to become a pretty. When Shay runs away, Tally learns about a whole new side of the pretty world—and it isn't very pretty. The authorities offer Tally a choice: find her friend and turn her in, or never turn pretty at all. Tally's choice will change her world forever....",2005,Scott Westerfeld,25484,633807,425,Young Adult,3.85,[]
146,A Visit from the Goon Squad,"Jennifer Egan’s spellbinding interlocking narratives circle the lives of Bennie Salazar, an aging former punk rocker and record executive, and Sasha, the passionate, troubled young woman he employs. Although Bennie and Sasha never discover each other’s pasts, the reader does, in intimate detail, along with the secret lives of a host of other characters whose paths intersect with theirs, over many years, in locales as varied as New York, San Francisco, Naples, and Kenya.We first meet Sasha in her mid-thirties, on her therapist’s couch in New York City, confronting her long-standing compulsion to steal. Later, we learn the genesis of her turmoil when we see her as the child of a violent marriage, then as a runaway living in Naples, then as a college student trying to avert the suicidal impulses of her best friend. We plunge into the hidden yearnings and disappointments of her uncle, an art historian stuck in a dead marriage, who travels to Naples to extract Sasha from the city’s demimonde and experiences an epiphany of his own while staring at a sculpture of Orpheus and Eurydice in the Museo Nazionale. We meet Bennie Salazar at the melancholy nadir of his adult life—divorced, struggling to connect with his nine-year-old son, listening to a washed-up band in the basement of a suburban house—and then revisit him in 1979, at the height of his youth, shy and tender, reveling in San Francisco’s punk scene as he discovers his ardor for rock and roll and his gift for spotting talent. We learn what became of his high school gang—who thrived and who faltered—and we encounter Lou Kline, Bennie’s catastrophically careless mentor, along with the lovers and children left behind in the wake of Lou’s far-flung sexual conquests and meteoric rise and fall. A Visit from the Goon Squad is a book about the interplay of time and music, about survival, about the stirrings and transformations set inexorably in motion by even the most passing conjunction of our fates. In a breathtaking array of styles and tones ranging from tragedy to satire to PowerPoint, Egan captures the undertow of self-destruction that we all must either master or succumb to; the basic human hunger for redemption; and the universal tendency to reach for both—and escape the merciless progress of time—in the transporting realms of art and music. Sly, startling, exhilarating work from one of our boldest writers.",2010,Jennifer Egan,20629,207673,274,Fiction,3.69,[]
147,The Wise Man's Fear,"“There are three things all wise men fear: the sea in storm, a night with no moon, and the anger of a gentle man.”My name is Kvothe.I have stolen princesses back from sleeping barrow kings. I burned down the town of Trebon. I have spent the night with Felurian and left with both my sanity and my life. I was expelled from the University at a younger age than most people are allowed in. I tread paths by moonlight that others fear to speak of during day. I have talked to Gods, loved women, and written songs that make the minstrels weep.You may have heard of me.So begins the tale of a hero told from his own point of view — a story unequaled in fantasy literature. Now in The Wise Man's Fear, an escalating rivalry with a powerful member of the nobility forces Kvothe to leave the University and seek his fortune abroad. Adrift, penniless, and alone, he travels to Vintas, where he quickly becomes entangled in the politics of courtly society. While attempting to curry favor with a powerful noble, Kvothe uncovers an assassination attempt, comes into conflict with a rival arcanist, and leads a group of mercenaries into the wild, in an attempt to solve the mystery of who (or what) is waylaying travelers on the King's Road.All the while, Kvothe searches for answers, attempting to uncover the truth about the mysterious Amyr, the Chandrian, and the death of his parents. Along the way, Kvothe is put on trial by the legendary Adem mercenaries, is forced to reclaim the honor of the Edema Ruh, and travels into the Fae realm. There he meets Felurian, the faerie woman no man can resist, and who no man has ever survived ... until Kvothe.In The Wise Man's Fear, Kvothe takes his first steps on the path of the hero and learns how difficult life can be when a man becomes a legend in his own time.",2011,Patrick Rothfuss,25606,514952,994,Fantasy,4.55,[]
148,"Hush, Hush","A SACRED OATHA FALLEN ANGELA FORBIDDEN LOVERomance was not part of Nora Grey's plan. She's never been particularly attracted to the boys at her school, no matter how hard her best friend, Vee, pushes them at her. Not until Patch comes along. With his easy smile and eyes that seem to see inside her, Patch draws Nora to him against her better judgment.But after a series of terrifying encounters, Nora's not sure whom to trust. Patch seems to be everywhere she is and seems to know more about her than her closest friends. She can't decide whether she should fall into his arms or run and hide. And when she tries to seek some answers, she finds herself near a truth that is way more unsettling than anything Patch makes her feel.For she is right in the middle of an ancient battle between the immortal and those that have fallen - and, when it comes to choosing sides, the wrong choice will cost Nora her life.",2009,Becca Fitzpatrick,28423,674058,391,Young Adult,3.93,[]
149,The Trigger,"On a summer morning in Sarajevo a hundred years ago, a teenage assassin named Gavrilo Princip fired not just the opening shots of the First World War but the starting gun for modern history, when he killed Archduke Franz Ferdinand. Yet the events Princip triggered were so monumental that his own story has been largely overlooked, his role garbled and motivations misrepresented.The Trigger puts this right, filling out as never before a figure who changed our world and whose legacy still has an impact on all of us today. Born a penniless backwoodsman, Princip’s life changed when he trekked through Bosnia and Serbia to attend school. As he ventured across fault lines of faith, nationalism and empire, so tightly clustered in the Balkans, radicalisation slowly transformed him from a frail farm boy into history’s most influential assassin.By retracing Princip’s journey from his highland birthplace, through the mythical valleys of Bosnia to the fortress city of Belgrade and ultimately Sarajevo, Tim Butcher illuminates our understanding both of Princip and the places that shaped him. Tim uncovers details about Princip that have eluded historians for a century and draws on his own experience, as a war reporter in the Balkans in the 1990s, to face down ghosts of conflicts past and present.The Trigger is a rich and timely work that brings to life both the moment the world first went to war and an extraordinary region with a potent hold over history.",2014,Tim Butcher,276,3896,352,History,3.78,[]
150,Let the Great World Spin,"In the dawning light of a late-summer morning, the people of lower Manhattan stand hushed, staring up in disbelief at the Twin Towers. It is August 1974, and a mysterious tightrope walker is running, dancing, leaping between the towers, suspended a quarter mile above the ground. In the streets below, a slew of ordinary lives become extraordinary in bestselling novelist Colum McCann’s stunningly intricate portrait of a city and its people.Let the Great World Spin is the critically acclaimed author’s most ambitious novel yet: a dazzlingly rich vision of the pain, loveliness, mystery, and promise of New York City in the 1970s.Corrigan, a radical young Irish monk, struggles with his own demons as he lives among the prostitutes in the middle of the burning Bronx. A group of mothers gather in a Park Avenue apartment to mourn their sons who died in Vietnam, only to discover just how much divides them even in grief. A young artist finds herself at the scene of a hit-and-run that sends her own life careening sideways. Tillie, a thirty-eight-year-old grandmother, turns tricks alongside her teenage daughter, determined not only to take care of her family but to prove her own worth.Elegantly weaving together these and other seemingly disparate lives, McCann’s powerful allegory comes alive in the unforgettable voices of the city’s people, unexpectedly drawn together by hope, beauty, and the “artistic crime of the century.” A sweeping and radical social novel, Let the Great World Spin captures the spirit of America in a time of transition, extraordinary promise, and, in hindsight, heartbreaking innocence. Hailed as a “fiercely original talent” (San Francisco Chronicle), award-winning novelist McCann has delivered a triumphantly American masterpiece that awakens in us a sense of what the novel can achieve, confront, and even heal.",2009,Colum McCann,9623,102289,351,Fiction,3.95,[]
151,Dead Until Dark,Sookie Stackhouse is just a small-time cocktail waitress in small-town Louisiana. Until the vampire of her dreams walks into her life-and one of her coworkers checks out....Maybe having a vampire for a boyfriend isn't such a bright idea.,2001,Charlaine Harris,19482,526118,292,Fantasy,3.97,[]
152,City of Fallen Angels,"The Mortal War is over, and sixteen-year-old Clary Fray is back home in New York, excited about all the possibilities before her. She’s training to become a Shadowhunter and to use her unique power. Her mother is getting married to the love of her life. Downworlders and Shadowhunters are at peace at last. And—most importantly of all—she can finally call Jace her boyfriend.But nothing comes without a price.Someone is murdering Shadowhunters, provoking tensions between Downworlders and Shadowhunters that could lead to a second, bloody war. Clary’s best friend, Simon, can’t help her—his mother just found out that he’s a vampire, and now he’s homeless. When Jace begins to pull away from her without explaining why, Clary is forced to delve into the heart of a mystery whose solution reveals her worst nightmare: she herself has set in motion a terrible chain of events that could lead to her losing everything she loves. Even Jace.",2011,Cassandra Clare,26432,570794,425,Fantasy,4.09,[]
153,Peace Like a River,"Once in a great while, we encounter a novel in our voluminous reading that begs to be read aloud. Leif Enger's debut, Peace Like a River, is one such work. His richly evocative novel, narrated by an asthmatic 11-year-old named Reuben Land, is the story of Reuben's unusual family and their journey across the frozen Badlands of the Dakotas in search of his fugitive older brother. Charged with the murder of two locals who terrorized their family, Davy has fled, understanding that the scales of justice will not weigh in his favor. But Reuben, his father, Jeremiah—a man of faith so deep he has been known to produce miracles—and Reuben's little sister, Swede, follow closely behind the fleeing Davy.Affecting and dynamic, Peace Like a River is at once a tragedy, a romance, and an unflagging exploration into the spirituality and magic possible in the everyday world, and in that of the world awaiting us on the other side of life. In Enger's superb debut effort, we witness a wondrous celebration of family, faith, and spirit, the likes of which we haven't seen in a long, long time—and the birth of a classic work of literature.",2001,Leif Enger,8708,87130,312,Fiction,4.00,[]
154,Blood Promise,"Bound by love, but sworn to kill...The world thought Dimitri was dead. And to a certain extent, he was. But I hadn't been able to forget a conversation he and I had once had. We'd both agreed that we'd rather be dead - truly dead - than walk the world as Strigoi. It was time to honor our words.Guardian Rose Hathaway's life will never be the same. The recent attack on St. Vladimir's Academy devastated the entire Moroi world. Many are dead. And, for the few victims carried off by Strigoi, their fates are even worse. A rare tattoo now adorns Rose's neck; a mark that says she's killed far too many Strigoi to count.But only one victim matters... Dimitri Belikov. Rose must now choose one of two very different paths: honoring her life's vow to protect Lissa—her best friend and the last surviving Dragomir princess—or, dropping out of the Academy to strike out on her own and hunt down the man she loves. She'll have to go to the ends of the earth to find Dimitri and keep the promise he begged her to make. But the question is, when the time comes, will he want to be saved?Now, with everything at stake—and worlds away from St. Vladimir's and her unguarded, vulnerable, and newly rebellious best friend—can Rose find the strength to destroy Dimitri? Or, will she sacrifice herself for a chance at eternal love?Readers who fell in love with Rose, Lissa, and Dimitri won't want to miss Blood Promise, the much-anticipated, epic fourth novel in Richelle Mead's enthralling Vampire Academy series.",2009,Richelle Mead,10880,302694,503,Young Adult,4.31,[]
155,Nickel and Dimed,"Millions of Americans work full-time, year-round, for poverty-level wages. In 1998, Barbara Ehrenreich decided to join them. She was inspired in part by the rhetoric surrounding welfare reform, which promised that any job equals a better life. But how can anyone survive, let alone prosper, on $6-$7 an hour? To find out, Ehrenreich moved from Florida to Maine to Minnesota, taking the cheapest lodgings available and accepting work as a waitress, hotel maid, house cleaner, nursing home aide, and Wal-Mart salesperson. She soon discovered that even the ""lowliest"" occupations require exhausting mental and physical efforts. And one job is not enough; you need at least two if you intend to live indoors.Nickel and Dimed reveals low-wage America in all its tenacity, anxiety, and surprising generosity--a land of Big Boxes, fast food, and a thousand desperate stratagems for survival. Instantly acclaimed for its insight, humor, and passion, this book is changing the way America perceives its working poor.",2001,Barbara Ehrenreich,7105,188208,240,Nonfiction,3.65,[]
156,Running with Scissors,"Running with Scissors is the true story of a boy whose mother (a poet with delusions of Anne Sexton) gave him away to be raised by her unorthodox psychiatrist who bore a striking resemblance to Santa Claus. So at the age of twelve, Burroughs found himself amidst Victorian squalor living with the doctor’s bizarre family, and befriending a pedophile who resided in the backyard shed. The story of an outlaw childhood where rules were unheard of, and the Christmas tree stayed up all year round, where Valium was consumed like candy, and if things got dull an electroshock- therapy machine could provide entertainment. The funny, harrowing and bestselling account of an ordinary boy’s survival under the most extraordinary circumstances.",2002,Augusten Burroughs,13357,380486,304,Memoir,3.75,[]
157,The Passage,"IT HAPPENED FAST.THIRTY-TWO MINUTES FOR ONE WORLD TO DIE, ANOTHER TO BE BORN.First, the unthinkable: a security breach at a secret U.S. government facility unleashes the monstrous product of a chilling military experiment. Then, the unspeakable: a night of chaos and carnage gives way to sunrise on a nation, and ultimately a world, forever altered. All that remains for the stunned survivors is the long fight ahead and a future ruled by fear—of darkness, of death, of a fate far worse.As civilization swiftly crumbles into a primal landscape of predators and prey, two people flee in search of sanctuary. FBI agent Brad Wolgast is a good man haunted by what he's done in the line of duty. Six-year-old orphan Amy Harper Bellafonte is a refugee from the doomed scientific project that has triggered apocalypse. Wolgast is determined to protect her from the horror set loose by her captors, but for Amy, escaping the bloody fallout is only the beginning of a much longer odyssey—spanning miles and decades—toward the time an place where she must finish what should never have begun.With The Passage, award-winning author Justin Cronin has written both a relentlessly suspenseful adventure and an epic chronicle of human endurance in the face of unprecedented catastrophe and unimaginable danger. Its inventive storytelling, masterly prose, and depth of human insight mark it as a crucial and transcendent work of modern fiction.",2010,Justin Cronin,20422,203434,766,Horror,4.04,[]
158,Half of a Yellow Sun,"A masterly, haunting new novel from a writer heralded by The Washington Post Book World as “the 21st-century daughter of Chinua Achebe,” Half of a Yellow Sun re-creates a seminal moment in modern African history: Biafra’s impassioned struggle to establish an independent republic in Nigeria in the 1960s, and the chilling violence that followed. With astonishing empathy and the effortless grace of a natural storyteller, Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie weaves together the lives of three characters swept up in the turbulence of the decade. Thirteen-year-old Ugwu is employed as a houseboy for a university professor full of revolutionary zeal. Olanna is the professor’s beautiful mistress, who has abandoned her life of privilege in Lagos for a dusty university town and the charisma of her new lover. And Richard is a shy young Englishman in thrall to Olanna’s twin sister, an enigmatic figure who refuses to belong to anyone. As Nigerian troops advance and the three must run for their lives, their ideals are severely tested, as are their loyalties to one another. Epic, ambitious, and triumphantly realized, Half of a Yellow Sun is a remarkable novel about moral responsibility, about the end of colonialism, about ethnic allegiances, about class and race—and the ways in which love can complicate them all. Adichie brilliantly evokes the promise and the devastating disappointments that marked this time and place, bringing us one of the most powerful, dramatic, and intensely emotional pictures of modern Africa that we have ever had.",2006,Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie,11325,143789,433,Fiction,4.33,[]
159,The Yiddish Policemen's Union,"For sixty years, Jewish refugees and their descendants have prospered in the Federal District of Sitka, a ""temporary"" safe haven created in the wake of revelations of the Holocaust and the shocking 1948 collapse of the fledgling state of Israel. Proud, grateful, and longing to be American, the Jews of the Sitka District have created their own little world in the Alaskan panhandle, a vibrant, gritty, soulful, and complex frontier city that moves to the music of Yiddish. For sixty years they have been left alone, neglected and half-forgotten in a backwater of history. Now the District is set to revert to Alaskan control, and their dream is coming to an end: once again the tides of history threaten to sweep them up and carry them off into the unknown. But homicide detective Meyer Landsman of the District Police has enough problems without worrying about the upcoming Reversion. His life is a shambles, his marriage a wreck, his career a disaster. He and his half-Tlingit partner, Berko Shemets, can't catch a break in any of their outstanding cases. Landsman's new supervisor is the love of his life—and also his worst nightmare. And in the cheap hotel where he has washed up, someone has just committed a murder—right under Landsman's nose. Out of habit, obligation, and a mysterious sense that it somehow offers him a shot at redeeming himself, Landsman begins to investigate the killing of his neighbor, a former chess prodigy. But when word comes down from on high that the case is to be dropped immediately, Landsman soon finds himself contending with all the powerful forces of faith, obsession, hopefulness, evil, and salvation that are his heritage—and with the unfinished business of his marriage to Bina Gelbfish, the one person who understands his darkest fears. At once a gripping whodunit, a love story, an homage to 1940s noir, and an exploration of the mysteries of exile and redemption, The Yiddish Policemen's Union is a novel only Michael Chabon could have written.(front flap)",2007,Michael Chabon,7430,74309,414,Fiction,3.71,[]
160,The Lost Hero,"JASON HAS A PROBLEM. He doesn’t remember anything before waking up in a bus full of kids on a field trip. Apparently he has a girlfriend named Piper, and his best friend is a guy named Leo. They’re all students at the Wilderness School, a boarding school for “bad kids,"" as Leo puts it. What did Jason do to end up here? And where is here, exactly? Jason doesn't know anything—except that everything seems very wrong.PIPER HAS A SECRET. Her father has been missing for three days, ever since she had that terrifying nightmare about his being in trouble. Piper doesn’t understand her dream, or why her boyfriend suddenly doesn’t recognize her. When a freak storm hits during the school trip, unleashing strange creatures and whisking her, Jason, and Leo away to someplace called Camp Half-Blood, she has a feeling she’s going to find out, whether she wants to or not.LEO HAS A WAY WITH TOOLS. When he sees his cabin at Camp Half-Blood, filled with power tools and machine parts, he feels right at home. But there’s weird stuff, too—like the curse everyone keeps talking about, and some camper who's gone missing. Weirdest of all, his bunkmates insist that each of them—including Leo—is related to a god. Does this have anything to do with Jason's amnesia, or the fact that Leo keeps seeing ghosts?Join new and old friends from Camp Half-Blood in this thrilling first book in The Heroes of Olympus series. Best-selling author Rick Riordan has pumped up the action, humor, suspense, and mystery in an epic adventure that will leave readers panting for the next installment.",2010,Rick Riordan,28498,771910,576,Fantasy,4.32,[]
161,Hotel on the Corner of Bitter and Sweet,"In 1986, Henry Lee joins a crowd outside the Panama Hotel, once the gateway to Seattle's Japantown. It has been boarded up for decades, but now the new owner has discovered the belongings of Japanese families who were sent to internment camps during World War II. As the owner displays and unfurls a Japanese parasol, Henry, a Chinese American, remembers a young Japanese American girl from his childhood in the 1940s—Keiko Okabe, with whom he forged a bond of friendship and innocent love that transcended the prejudices of their Old World ancestors. After Keiko and her family were evacuated to the internment camps, she and Henry could only hope that their promise to each other would be kept. Now, forty years later, Henry explores the hotel's basement for the Okabe family's belongings and for a long-lost object whose value he cannot even begin to measure. His search will take him on a journey to revisit the sacrifices he has made for family, for love, for country.",2009,Jamie Ford,22083,288704,290,Historical Fiction,4.03,[]
162,The Invention of Hugo Cabret,"Orphan, clock keeper, and thief, Hugo lives in the walls of a busy Paris train station, where his survival depends on secrets and anonymity. But when his world suddenly interlocks with an eccentric, bookish girl and a bitter old man who runs a toy booth in the station, Hugo's undercover life, and his most precious secret, are put in jeopardy. A cryptic drawing, a treasured notebook, a stolen key, a mechanical man, and a hidden message from Hugo's dead father form the backbone of this intricate, tender, and spellbinding mystery.",2007,Brian Selznick,15896,178147,534,Historical Fiction,4.22,[]
163,Suite Française,"The first two stories of a masterwork once thought lost, written by a pre-WWII bestselling author who was deported to Auschwitz and died before her work could be completed.By the early l940s, when Ukrainian-born Irène Némirovsky began working on what would become Suite Française—the first two parts of a planned five-part novel—she was already a highly successful writer living in Paris. But she was also a Jew, and in 1942 she was arrested and deported to Auschwitz: a month later she was dead at the age of thirty-nine. Two years earlier, living in a small village in central France—where she, her husband, and their two small daughters had fled in a vain attempt to elude the Nazis—she'd begun her novel, a luminous portrayal of a human drama in which she herself would become a victim. When she was arrested, she had completed two parts of the epic, the handwritten manuscripts of which were hidden in a suitcase that her daughters would take with them into hiding and eventually into freedom. Sixty-four years later, at long last, we can read Némirovsky's literary masterpiece The first part, ""A Storm in June,"" opens in the chaos of the massive 1940 exodus from Paris on the eve of the Nazi invasion during which several families and individuals are thrown together under circumstances beyond their control. They share nothing but the harsh demands of survival—some trying to maintain lives of privilege, others struggling simply to preserve their lives—but soon, all together, they will be forced to face the awful exigencies of physical and emotional displacement, and the annihilation of the world they know. In the second part, ""Dolce,"" we enter the increasingly complex life of a German-occupied provincial village. Coexisting uneasily with the soldiers billeted among them, the villagers—from aristocrats to shopkeepers to peasants—cope as best they can. Some choose resistance, others collaboration, and as their community is transformed by these acts, the lives of these these men and women reveal nothing less than the very essence of humanity.Suite Française is a singularly piercing evocation—at once subtle and severe, deeply compassionate, and fiercely ironic—of life and death in occupied France, and a brilliant, profoundly moving work of art.",2004,Irène Némirovsky,6998,71556,431,Fiction,3.85,[]
164,Shutter Island,"The year is 1954. U.S. Marshal Teddy Daniels and his new partner, Chuck Aule, have come to Shutter Island, home of Ashecliffe Hospital for the Criminally Insane, to investigate the disappearance of a patient. Multiple murderess Rachel Solando is loose somewhere on this remote and barren island, despite having been kept in a locked cell under constant surveillance. As a killer hurricane relentlessly bears down on them, a strange case takes on even darker, more sinister shades—with hints of radical experimentation, horrifying surgeries, and lethal countermoves made in the cause of a covert shadow war. No one is going to escape Shutter Island unscathed, because nothing at Ashecliffe Hospital is what it seems. But then neither is Teddy Daniels.",2003,Dennis Lehane,9788,184262,369,Mystery,4.11,[]
165,Mystic River,"When they were children, Sean Devine, Jimmy Marcus, and Dave Boyle were friends. But then a strange car pulled up to their street. One boy got into the car, two did not, and something terrible happened -- something that ended their friendship and changed all three boys forever.Twenty-five years later, Sean is a homicide detective. Jimmy is an ex-con who owns a corner store. And Dave is trying to hold his marriage together and keep his demons at bay -- demons that urge him to do terrible things. When Jimmy's daughter is found murdered, Sean is assigned to the case. His investigation brings him into conflict with Jimmy, who finds his old criminal impulses tempt him to solve the crime with brutal justice. And then there is Dave, who came home the night Jimmy's daughter died covered in someone else's blood.A tense and unnerving psychological thriller, Mystic River is also an epic novel of love and loyalty, faith and family, in which people irrevocably marked by the past find themselves on a collision course with the darkest truths of their own hidden selves.",2001,Dennis Lehane,4450,139203,416,Mystery,4.16,[]
166,The Eyre Affair,"Great Britain circa 1985: time travel is routine, cloning is a reality (dodos are the resurrected pet of choice), and literature is taken very, very seriously. Baconians are trying to convince the world that Francis Bacon really wrote Shakespeare, there are riots between the Surrealists and Impressionists, and thousands of men are named John Milton, an homage to the real Milton and a very confusing situation for the police. Amidst all this, Acheron Hades, Third Most Wanted Man In the World, steals the original manuscript of Martin Chuzzlewit and kills a minor character, who then disappears from every volume of the novel ever printed! But that's just a prelude . . .Hades' real target is the beloved Jane Eyre, and it's not long before he plucks her from the pages of Bronte's novel. Enter Thursday Next. She's the Special Operative's renowned literary detective, and she drives a Porsche. With the help of her uncle Mycroft's Prose Portal, Thursday enters the novel to rescue Jane Eyre from this heinous act of literary homicide. It's tricky business, all these interlopers running about Thornfield, and deceptions run rampant as their paths cross with Jane, Rochester, and Miss Fairfax. Can Thursday save Jane Eyre and Bronte's masterpiece? And what of the Crimean War? Will it ever end? And what about those annoying black holes that pop up now and again, sucking things into time-space voids . . .Suspenseful and outlandish, absorbing and fun, The Eyre Affair is a caper unlike any other and an introduction to the imagination of a most distinctive writer and his singular fictional universe.",2001,Jasper Fforde,11125,129286,374,Fantasy,3.88,[]
167,One Day,15th July 1988: Emma and Dexter meet for the first time on the night of their graduation. Tomorrow they must go their separate ways.So where will they be on this one day next year? And the year after that?And every year that follows?--back cover,2009,David Nicholls,18887,313840,435,Fiction,3.81,[]
168,The Girl on the Train,"Rachel catches the same commuter train every morning. She knows it will wait at the same signal each time, overlooking a row of back gardens. She’s even started to feel like she knows the people who live in one of the houses. “Jess and Jason,” she calls them. Their life—as she sees it—is perfect. If only Rachel could be that happy. And then she sees something shocking. It’s only a minute until the train moves on, but it’s enough. Now everything’s changed. Now Rachel has a chance to become a part of the lives she’s only watched from afar. Now they’ll see; she’s much more than just the girl on the train...An alternative cover edition for this ISBN can be found here.",2015,Paula Hawkins,121106,2703881,336,Fiction,3.95,[]
169,The Forgotten Garden,"A foundling, an old book of dark fairy tales, a secret garden, an aristocratic family, a love denied, and a mystery. The Forgotten Garden is a captivating, atmospheric and compulsively readable story of the past, secrets, family and memory from the international best-selling author Kate Morton.Cassandra is lost, alone and grieving. Her much loved grandmother, Nell, has just died and Cassandra, her life already shaken by a tragic accident ten years ago, feels like she has lost everything dear to her. But an unexpected and mysterious bequest from Nell turns Cassandra’s life upside down and ends up challenging everything she thought she knew about herself and her family.Inheriting a book of dark and intriguing fairytales written by Eliza Makepeace—the Victorian authoress who disappeared mysteriously in the early twentieth century—Cassandra takes her courage in both hands to follow in the footsteps of Nell on a quest to find out the truth about their history, their family and their past; little knowing that in the process, she will also discover a new life for herself.",2008,Kate Morton,20019,213129,648,Fiction,4.14,[]
170,Black Swan Green,"From award-winning writer David Mitchell comes a sinewy, meditative novel of boyhood on the cusp of adulthood and the old on the cusp of the new.Black Swan Green tracks a single year in what is, for thirteen-year-old Jason Taylor, the sleepiest village in muddiest Worcestershire in a dying Cold War England, 1982. But the thirteen chapters, each a short story in its own right, create an exquisitely observed world that is anything but sleepy. A world of Kissingeresque realpolitik enacted in boys’ games on a frozen lake; of “nightcreeping” through the summer backyards of strangers; of the tabloid-fueled thrills of the Falklands War and its human toll; of the cruel, luscious Dawn Madden and her power-hungry boyfriend, Ross Wilcox; of a certain Madame Eva van Outryve de Crommelynck, an elderly bohemian emigré who is both more and less than she appears; of Jason’s search to replace his dead grandfather’s irreplaceable smashed watch before the crime is discovered; of first cigarettes, first kisses, first Duran Duran LPs, and first deaths; of Margaret Thatcher’s recession; of Gypsies camping in the woods and the hysteria they inspire; and, even closer to home, of a slow-motion divorce in four seasons.Pointed, funny, profound, left-field, elegiac, and painted with the stuff of life, Black Swan Green is David Mitchell’s most subtlest and effective achievement to date.",2006,David Mitchell,3624,40898,296,Fiction,3.97,[]
171,Spirit Bound,"Salvation has its price . . .The words stunned Adrian for a moment, but he kept going. ""You're lying. What you're describing is impossible. There's no way to save a Strigoi. When they're gone, they're gone. They're dead. Undead. Forever.""Robert's next words weren't directed at Adrian. They were spoken to me. ""That which is dead doesn't always stay dead....""After a long and heartbreaking journey to Siberia, Dimitri’s birthplace, Rose Hathaway has finally returned to St. Vladimir’s—and to her best friend, Lissa Dragomir. It's graduation, and the girls can’t wait for their real lives outside the academy’s cold iron gates to finally begin. But even with the intrigue and excitement of court life looming, Rose’s heart still aches for Dimitri. He’s out there, somewhere.She failed to kill him when she had the chance, and now her worst fears are about to come true. Dimitri has tasted her blood, and she knows in her heart that he is hunting her. And if Rose won't join him, he won't rest until he has silenced her . . . forever.But Rose can't forget what she learned on her journey—whispers of a magic too impossible and terrifying to comprehend. A magic inextricably tied to Lissa that could hold the answer to all of Rose's prayers, but not without devastating consequences. Now Rose will have to decide what—and who—matters most to her. And in the end, is true love really worth the price?Fall in love with Rose and Dimitri all over again in Spirit Bound, the eagerly awaited fifth novel in Richelle Mead's enthralling Vampire Academy series.",2010,Richelle Mead,9781,285005,489,Young Adult,4.33,[]
172,Little Bee,"We don't want to tell you what happens in this book. It is a truly special story and we don't want to spoil it.Nevertheless, you need to know enough to buy it so we will just say this:This is the story of two women.Their lives collide one fateful day, and one of them has to make a terrible choice.Two years later, they meet again - the story starts there...Once you have read it, you'll want to tell your friends about it. When you do, please don't tell them what happens either. The magic is in how it unfolds.",2008,Chris Cleave,22016,237114,271,Fiction,3.72,[]
173,Fingersmith,"Sue Trinder is an orphan, left as an infant in the care of Mrs. Sucksby, a ""baby farmer,"" who raised her with unusual tenderness, as if Sue were her own. Mrs. Sucksby’s household, with its fussy babies calmed with doses of gin, also hosts a transient family of petty thieves—fingersmiths—for whom this house in the heart of a mean London slum is home.One day, the most beloved thief of all arrives—Gentleman, an elegant con man, who carries with him an enticing proposition for Sue: If she wins a position as the maid to Maud Lilly, a naïve gentlewoman, and aids Gentleman in her seduction, then they will all share in Maud’s vast inheritance. Once the inheritance is secured, Maud will be disposed of—passed off as mad, and made to live out the rest of her days in a lunatic asylum.With dreams of paying back the kindness of her adopted family, Sue agrees to the plan. Once in, however, Sue begins to pity her helpless mark and care for Maud Lilly in unexpected ways...But no one and nothing is as it seems in this Dickensian novel of thrills and reversals.",2002,Sarah Waters,7313,99310,548,Historical Fiction,4.02,[]
174,The Final Empire,"
What if the whole world were a dead, blasted wasteland?
MistbornFor a thousand years the ash fell and no flowers bloomed. For a thousand years the Skaa slaved in misery and lived in fear. For a thousand years the Lord Ruler, the ""Sliver of Infinity,"" reigned with absolute power and ultimate terror, divinely invincible. Then, when hope was so long lost that not even its memory remained, a terribly scarred, heart-broken half-Skaa rediscovered it in the depths of the Lord Ruler's most hellish prison. Kelsier ""snapped"" and found in himself the powers of a Mistborn. A brilliant thief and natural leader, he turned his talents to the ultimate caper, with the Lord Ruler himself as the mark.Kelsier recruited the underworld's elite, the smartest and most trustworthy allomancers, each of whom shares one of his many powers, and all of whom relish a high-stakes challenge. Then Kelsier reveals his ultimate dream, not just the greatest heist in history, but the downfall of the divine despot.But even with the best criminal crew ever assembled, Kel's plan looks more like the ultimate long shot, until luck brings a ragged girl named Vin into his life. Like him, she's a half-Skaa orphan, but she's lived a much harsher life. Vin has learned to expect betrayal from everyone she meets. She will have to learn trust if Kel is to help her master powers of which she never dreamed.Brandon Sanderson, fantasy's newest master tale-spinner and author of the acclaimed debut Elantris, dares to turn a genre on its head by asking a simple question: What if the prophesied hero failed to defeat the Dark Lord? The answer will be found in the Misborn Trilogy, a saga of surprises that begins with the book in your hands. Fantasy will never be the same again.",2006,Brandon Sanderson,42101,573542,541,Fantasy,4.47,[]
175,Fast Food Nation,"Fast food has hastened the malling of our landscape, widened the chasm between rich and poor, fueled an epidemic of obesity, and propelled American cultural imperialism abroad. That's a lengthy list of charges, but here Eric Schlosser makes them stick with an artful mix of first-rate reportage, wry wit, and careful reasoning.Schlosser's myth-shattering survey stretches from California's subdivisions where the business was born to the industrial corridor along the New Jersey Turnpike where many fast food's flavors are concocted. Along the way, he unearths a trove of fascinating, unsettling truths -- from the unholy alliance between fast food and Hollywood to the seismic changes the industry has wrought in food production, popular culture, and even real estate. (back cover)",2001,Eric Schlosser,5590,204523,399,Nonfiction,3.75,[]
176,Delirium,"There is an alternate cover edition for this ISBN13 here.In an alternate United States, love has been declared a dangerous disease, and the government forces everyone who reaches eighteen to have a procedure called the Cure. Living with her aunt, uncle, and cousins in Portland, Maine, Lena Haloway is very much looking forward to being cured and living a safe, predictable life. She watched love destroy her mother and isn't about to make the same mistake.But with ninety-five days left until her treatment, Lena meets enigmatic Alex, a boy from the ""Wilds"" who lives under the government's radar. What will happen if they do the unthinkable and fall in love?",2011,Lauren Oliver,27974,455446,441,Young Adult,3.96,[]
177,Let the Right One In,"It is autumn 1981 when the inconceivable comes to Blackeberg, a suburb in Sweden. The body of a teenage boy is found, emptied of blood, the murder rumored to be part of a ritual killing. Twelve-year-old Oskar is personally hoping that revenge has come at long last—revenge for the bullying he endures at school, day after day.But the murder is not the most important thing on his mind. A new girl has moved in next door—a girl who has never seen a Rubik's Cube before, but who can solve it at once. There is something wrong with her, though, something odd. And she only comes out at night....",2004,John Ajvide Lindqvist,7016,104611,513,Horror,4.04,[]
178,The Year of the Flood,"The times and species have been changing at a rapid rate, and the social compact is wearing as thin as environmental stability. Adam One, the kindly leader of the God's Gardeners--a religion devoted to the melding of science and religion, as well as the preservation of all plant and animal life--has long predicted a natural disaster that will alter Earth as we know it. Now it has occurred, obliterating most human life. Two women have survived: Ren, a young trapeze dancer locked inside the high-end sex club Scales and Tails, and Toby, a God's Gardener barricaded inside a luxurious spa where many of the treatments are edible. Have others survived? Ren's bioartist friend Amanda? Zeb, her eco-fighter stepfather? Her onetime lover, Jimmy? Or the murderous Painballers, survivors of the mutual-elimination Painball prison? Not to mention the shadowy, corrupt policing force of the ruling powers...Meanwhile, gene-spliced life forms are proliferating: the lion/lamb blends, the Mo'hair sheep with human hair, the pigs with human brain tissue. As Adam One and his intrepid hemp-clad band make their way through this strange new world, Ren and Toby will have to decide on their next move. They can't stay locked away...By turns dark, tender, violent, thoughtful, and uneasily hilarious, ""The Year of the Flood"" is Atwood at her most brilliant and inventive.",2009,Margaret Atwood,8340,119307,431,Fiction,4.06,[]
179,Clockwork Prince,"In the magical underworld of Victorian London, Tessa Gray has at last found safety with the Shadowhunters. But that safety proves fleeting when rogue forces in the Clave plot to see her protector, Charlotte, replaced as head of the Institute. If Charlotte loses her position, Tessa will be out on the street—and easy prey for the mysterious Magister, who wants to use Tessa’s powers for his own dark ends.With the help of the handsome, self-destructive Will and the fiercely devoted Jem, Tessa discovers that the Magister’s war on the Shadowhunters is deeply personal. He blames them for a long-ago tragedy that shattered his life. To unravel the secrets of the past, the trio journeys from mist-shrouded Yorkshire to a manor house that holds untold horrors, from the slums of London to an enchanted ballroom where Tessa discovers that the truth of her parentage is more sinister than she had imagined. When they encounter a clockwork demon bearing a warning for Will, they realize that the Magister himself knows their every move—and that one of their own has betrayed them.Tessa finds her heart drawn more and more to Jem, but her longing for Will, despite his dark moods, continues to unsettle her. But something is changing in Will—the wall he has built around himself is crumbling. Could finding the Magister free Will from his secrets and give Tessa the answers about who she is and what she was born to do?As their dangerous search for the Magister and the truth leads the friends into peril, Tessa learns that when love and lies are mixed, they can corrupt even the purest heart.",2011,Cassandra Clare,29119,525298,498,Fantasy,4.43,[]
180,Matched,"In the Society, officials decide. Who you love. Where you work. When you die.Cassia has always trusted their choices. It’s hardly any price to pay for a long life, the perfect job, the ideal mate. So when her best friend appears on the Matching screen, Cassia knows with complete certainty that he is the one…until she sees another face flash for an instant before the screen fades to black. Now Cassia is faced with impossible choices: between Xander and Ky, between the only life she’s known and a path no one else has ever dared follow—between perfection and passion.Matched is a story for right now and storytelling with the resonance of a classic.",2010,Ally Condie,35010,745659,369,Young Adult,3.63,[]
181,Fifty Shades of Grey,"When literature student Anastasia Steele goes to interview young entrepreneur Christian Grey, she encounters a man who is beautiful, brilliant, and intimidating. The unworldly, innocent Ana is startled to realize she wants this man and, despite his enigmatic reserve, finds she is desperate to get close to him. Unable to resist Ana’s quiet beauty, wit, and independent spirit, Grey admits he wants her, too—but on his own terms. Shocked yet thrilled by Grey’s singular erotic tastes, Ana hesitates. For all the trappings of success—his multinational businesses, his vast wealth, his loving family—Grey is a man tormented by demons and consumed by the need to control. When the couple embarks on a daring, passionately physical affair, Ana discovers Christian Grey’s secrets and explores her own dark desires.Erotic, amusing, and deeply moving, the Fifty Shades Trilogy is a tale that will obsess you, possess you, and stay with you forever.This book is intended for mature audiences.",2011,E.L. James,82131,2414435,356,Romance,3.66,[]
182,The Nightingale,"In love we find out who we want to be.In war we find out who we are.FRANCE, 1939In the quiet village of Carriveau, Vianne Mauriac says good-bye to her husband, Antoine, as he heads for the Front. She doesn’t believe that the Nazis will invade France…but invade they do, in droves of marching soldiers, in caravans of trucks and tanks, in planes that fill the skies and drop bombs upon the innocent. When a German captain requisitions Vianne’s home, she and her daughter must live with the enemy or lose everything. Without food or money or hope, as danger escalates all around them, she is forced to make one impossible choice after another to keep her family alive.Vianne’s sister, Isabelle, is a rebellious eighteen-year-old, searching for purpose with all the reckless passion of youth. While thousands of Parisians march into the unknown terrors of war, she meets Gaëtan, a partisan who believes the French can fight the Nazis from within France, and she falls in love as only the young can…completely. But when he betrays her, Isabelle joins the Resistance and never looks back, risking her life time and again to save others.",2015,Kristin Hannah,87758,1084518,440,Historical Fiction,4.60,[]
183,Saturday,"Saturday, February 15, 2003. Henry Perowne is a contented man - a successful neurosurgeon, the devoted husband of Rosalind, and proud father of two grown-up children. Unusually, he wakes before dawn, drawn to the window of his bedroom and filled with a growing unease. As he looks out at the night sky, he is troubled by the state of the world - the impending war against Iraq, a gathering pessimism since 9/11, and a fear that his city and his happy family life are under threat.Later, as Perowne makes his way through London streets filled with hundreds of thousands of anti-war protestors, a minor car accident brings him into a confrontation with Baxter, a fidgety, aggressive young man, on the edge of violence. To Perowne's professional eye, there appears to be something profoundly wrong with him. But it is not until Baxter makes a sudden appearance as the Perowne family gathers for a reunion, that Henry's fears seem about to be realised.",2005,Ian McEwan,4298,68179,289,Fiction,3.63,[]
184,Team of Rivals,"Winner of the Lincoln PrizeAcclaimed historian Doris Kearns Goodwin illuminates Lincoln's political genius in this highly original work, as the one-term congressman and prairie lawyer rises from obscurity to prevail over three gifted rivals of national reputation to become president.On May 18, 1860, William H. Seward, Salmon P. Chase, Edward Bates, and Abraham Lincoln waited in their hometowns for the results from the Republican National Convention in Chicago. When Lincoln emerged as the victor, his rivals were dismayed and angry.Throughout the turbulent 1850s, each had energetically sought the presidency as the conflict over slavery was leading inexorably to secession and civil war. That Lincoln succeeded, Goodwin demonstrates, was the result of a character that had been forged by experiences that raised him above his more privileged and accomplished rivals. He won because he possessed an extraordinary ability to put himself in the place of other men, to experience what they were feeling, to understand their motives and desires.It was this capacity that enabled Lincoln as president to bring his disgruntled opponents together, create the most unusual cabinet in history, and marshal their talents to the task of preserving the Union and winning the war.We view the long, horrifying struggle from the vantage of the White House as Lincoln copes with incompetent generals, hostile congressmen, and his raucous cabinet. He overcomes these obstacles by winning the respect of his former competitors, and in the case of Seward, finds a loyal and crucial friend to see him through.This brilliant multiple biography is centered on Lincoln's mastery of men and how it shaped the most significant presidency in the nation's history.",2005,Doris Kearns Goodwin,7889,178854,916,History,4.27,[]
185,A Discovery of Witches,"A richly inventive novel about a centuries-old vampire, a spellbound witch, and the mysterious manuscript that draws them together. Deep in the stacks of Oxford's Bodleian Library, young scholar Diana Bishop unwittingly calls up a bewitched alchemical manuscript in the course of her research. Descended from an old and distinguished line of witches, Diana wants nothing to do with sorcery; so after a furtive glance and a few notes, she banishes the book to the stacks. But her discovery sets a fantastical underworld stirring, and a horde of daemons, witches, and vampires soon descends upon the library. Diana has stumbled upon a coveted treasure lost for centuries-and she is the only creature who can break its spell. Debut novelist Deborah Harkness has crafted a mesmerizing and addictive read, equal parts history and magic, romance and suspense. Diana is a bold heroine who meets her equal in vampire geneticist Matthew Clairmont, and gradually warms up to him as their alliance deepens into an intimacy that violates age-old taboos. This smart, sophisticated story harks back to the novels of Anne Rice, but it is as contemporary and sensual as the Twilight series-with an extra serving of historical realism.",2011,Deborah Harkness,42538,457936,579,Fantasy,4.02,[]
186,Wonder,"I won’t describe what I look like. Whatever you’re thinking, it’s probably worse. August Pullman was born with a facial difference that, up until now, has prevented him from going to a mainstream school. Starting 5th grade at Beecher Prep, he wants nothing more than to be treated as an ordinary kid—but his new classmates can’t get past Auggie’s extraordinary face. Wonder, begins from Auggie’s point of view, but soon switches to include his classmates, his sister, her boyfriend, and others.",2012,R.J. Palacio,73362,1006446,315,Young Adult,4.38,[]
187,Odd Thomas,"He's Odd. Odd Thomas, to be precise. Genius fry-cook at the Pico Mundo Grill; boyfriend to the gorgeous Stormy Llewellyn - and possibly the only person with a chance of stopping one of the worst crimes in the bloody history of murder...Something evil has come to the desert town that Odd and Stormy call home. It comes in the form of a mysterious man with a macabre appetite, a filing cabinet full of information on the world's worst killers, and strange, hyena-like shadows following him wherever he goes. Odd is worried. He knows things, sees things - about the living, the dead, and the soon-to-be dead. Things that he has to act on. Now he's terrified for Stormy, himself and Pico Mundo. Because he knows that on Wednesday August 15, a savage, blood-soaked whirlwind of violence and murder will devastate the town...Today is August 14.And Odd is far from sure he can stop the coming storm...",2004,Dean Koontz,8086,263289,446,Horror,3.98,[]
188,High in School,"From the famous drunk comedian from Indonesia comes this humorous coming-of-age not so true story about unusual high school study group adventure. James just wants to sit tight and be a normal freshman in his new high school. But after a few days he realizes it won't be. He doesn't have any idea how to study and he met many strange characters. In order to survive his first semester, he establishes a study group filled with unusual and rich personality who surprisingly colors his everyday life. High in School text and illustrations copyright © 2012 CV Lantip Safari Media, Inc. all rights reserved",2012,Salman Aditya,67,2123,234,Humor,3.57,[]
189,The Tale of Despereaux,"A brave mouse, a covetous rat, a wishful serving girl, and a princess named Pea come together in Kate DiCamillo's Newbery Medal–winning tale.Welcome to the story of Despereaux Tilling, a mouse who is in love with music, stories, and a princess named Pea. It is also the story of a rat called Roscuro, who lives in the darkness and covets a world filled with light. And it is the story of Miggery Sow, a slow-witted serving girl who harbors a simple, impossible wish. These three characters are about to embark on a journey that will lead them down into a horrible dungeon, up into a glittering castle, and, ultimately, into each other's lives. What happens then? As Kate DiCamillo would say: Reader, it is your destiny to find out.",2003,Kate DiCamillo,11458,188453,272,Fantasy,4.06,[]
190,Stiff,"Okay, you're thinking: 
""This must be some kind of a joke. A humorous book about cadavers?""
Yup — and it works.Mary Roach takes the age-old question, ""What happens to us after we die?"" quite literally. And in Stiff, she explores the ""lives"" of human cadavers from the time of the ancient Egyptians all the way up to current campaigns for human composting. Along the way, she recounts with morbidly infectious glee how dead bodies are used for research ranging from car safety and plastic surgery (you'll cancel your next collagen injection after reading this!), to the authenticity of the Shroud of Turin. Impossible (and irreverent) as it may sound, Roach has written a book about corpses that's both lively and fresh. She traveled around the globe to conduct her forensic investigations, and her findings are wryly intelligent. While the myriad uses for cadavers recounted are often graphic, Roach imbues her subject with a sense of dignity, choosing to emphasize the oddly noble purposes corpses serve, from organ donation to lifesaving medical research. Readers will come away convinced of the enormous debt that we, the living, owe to the study of the remains of the dead. And while it may not offer the answer to the ancient mystery we were hoping for, Stiff offers a strange sort of comfort in the knowledge that, in a sense, death isn't necessarily the end.",2003,Mary Roach,16228,204656,303,Nonfiction,4.06,[]
191,Snow,"One of multiple covers for ISBN 9780375706868.A spellbinding tale of disparate yearnings – for love, art, power, and God – set in a remote Turkish town, where stirrings of political Islamism threaten to unravel the secular order; by the winner of the 2006 Nobel Prize for Literature.From the acclaimed author of My Name Is Red comes a spellbinding tale of disparate yearnings–for love, art, power, and God–set in a remote Turkish town, where stirrings of political Islamism threaten to unravel the secular order. Following years of lonely political exile in Western Europe, Ka, a middle-aged poet, returns to Istanbul to attend his mother's funeral. Only partly recognizing this place of his cultured, middle-class youth, he is even more disoriented by news of strange events in the wider country: a wave of suicides among girls forbidden to wear their head scarves at school. An apparent thaw of his writer's curiosity–a frozen sea these many years–leads him to Kars, a far-off town near the Russian border and the epicenter of the suicides. No sooner has he arrived, however, than we discover that Ka's motivations are not purely journalistic; for in Kars, once a province of Ottoman and then Russian glory, now a cultural gray-zone of poverty and paralysis, there is also Ipek, a radiant friend of Ka's youth, lately divorced, whom he has never forgotten. As a snowstorm, the fiercest in memory, descends on the town and seals it off from the modern, westernized world that has always been Ka's frame of reference, he finds himself drawn in unexpected directions: not only headlong toward the unknowable Ipek and the desperate hope for love–or at least a wife–that she embodies, but also into the maelstrom of a military coup staged to restrain the local Islamist radicals, and even toward God, whose existence Ka has never before allowed himself to contemplate. In this surreal confluence of emotion and spectacle, Ka begins to tap his dormant creative powers, producing poem after poem in untimely, irresistible bursts of inspiration. But not until the snows have melted and the political violence has run its bloody course will Ka discover the fate of his bid to seize a last chance for happiness. Blending profound sympathy and mischievous wit, Snow illuminates the contradictions gripping the individual and collective heart in many parts of the Muslim world. But even more, by its narrative brilliance and comprehension of the needs and duties",2002,Orhan Pamuk,4050,44855,463,Fiction,3.61,[]
192,The Bookseller of Kabul,"In spring 2002, following the fall of the Taliban, Åsne Seierstad spent four months living with a bookseller and his family in Kabul.For more than twenty years Sultan Khan defied the authorities—be they communist or Taliban—to supply books to the people of Kabul. He was arrested, interrogated and imprisoned by the communists, and watched illiterate Taliban soldiers burn piles of his books in the street. He even resorted to hiding most of his stock—almost ten thousand books—in attics all over Kabul.But while Khan is passionate in his love of books and his hatred of censorship, he also has strict views on family life and the role of women. As an outsider, Åsne Seierstad found herself in a unique position, able to move freely between the private, restricted sphere of the women—including Khan’s two wives—and the freer, more public lives of the men.It is an experience that Seierstad finds both fascinating and frustrating. As she steps back from the page and allows the Khans to speak for themselves, we learn of proposals and marriages, hope and fear, crime and punishment. The result is a genuinely gripping and moving portrait of a family, and a clear-eyed assessment of a country struggling to free itself from history.' to 'This mesmerizing portrait of a proud man who, through three decades and successive repressive regimes, heroically braved persecution to bring books to the people of Kabul has elicited extraordinary praise throughout the world and become a phenomenal international bestseller. The Bookseller of Kabul is startling in its intimacy and its details—a revelation of the plight of Afghan women and a window into the surprising realities of daily life in today’s Afghanistan.'",2002,Åsne Seierstad,3627,51236,288,Nonfiction,3.76,[]
193,If I Stay,"In the blink of an eye everything changes. Seventeen ­year-old Mia has no memory of the accident; she can only recall what happened afterwards, watching her own damaged body being taken from the wreck. Little by little she struggles to put together the pieces- to figure out what she has lost, what she has left, and the very difficult choice she must make. Heartwrenchingly beautiful, this will change the way you look at life, love, and family. Now a major motion picture starring Chloe Grace Moretz, Mia's story will stay with you for a long, long time.",2009,Gayle Forman,40843,852536,201,Young Adult,3.92,[]
194,Cinder,"Humans and androids crowd the raucous streets of New Beijing. A deadly plague ravages the population. From space, a ruthless Lunar people watch, waiting to make their move. No one knows that Earth’s fate hinges on one girl. . . . Cinder, a gifted mechanic, is a cyborg. She’s a second-class citizen with a mysterious past, reviled by her stepmother and blamed for her stepsister’s illness. But when her life becomes intertwined with the handsome Prince Kai’s, she suddenly finds herself at the center of an intergalactic struggle, and a forbidden attraction. Caught between duty and freedom, loyalty and betrayal, she must uncover secrets about her past in order to protect her world’s future.",2012,Marissa Meyer,65055,858808,400,Fantasy,4.13,[]
195,Flow Down Like Silver,"Ki Longfellow, author of the acclaimed The Secret Magdalene, has now written the astonishing life of Hypatia, famed throughout the Mediterranean world, a beauty and a genius, yet for 17 centuries ignored by history. As the Roman Empire fights for its life and emerging Christianity fights for our souls, Hypatia is the last great voice of reason. A woman of sublime intelligence, Hypatia ranks above not only all women, but all men. Hypatia dazzled the world with her brilliance, was courted by men of every persuasion and was considered the leading philosopher and mathematician of her age ... yet her mathematics, her inventions, the very story of her life in all its epic and dramatic intensity, has gone untold. A heart-breaking love story, an heroic struggle against intolerance, a tragedy and a triumph, Hypatia walks through these pages fully realized while all around her Egypt's Alexandria, the New York City of its day, strives to remain a beacon of light in a darkening world.",2009,Ki Longfellow,226,4587,301,Historical Fiction,3.98,[]
196,"Sex, Drugs, and Cocoa Puffs","Countless writers and artists have spoken for a generation, but no one has done it quite like Chuck Klosterman. With an exhaustive knowledge of popular culture and an almost effortless ability to spin brilliant prose out of unlikely subject matter, Klosterman attacks the entire spectrum of postmodern America: reality TV, Internet porn, Pamela Anderson, literary Jesus freaks, and the real difference between apples and oranges (of which there is none). And don't even get him started on his love life and the whole Harry-Met-Sally situation. Whether deconstructing Saved by the Bell episodes or the artistic legacy of Billy Joel, the symbolic importance of The Empire Strikes Back or the Celtics/Lakers rivalry, Chuck will make you think, he'll make you laugh, and he'll drive you insane -- usually all at once. Sex, Drugs, and Cocoa Puffs is ostensibly about art, entertainment, infotainment, sports, politics, and kittens, but -- really -- it's about us. All of us. As Klosterman realizes late at night, in the moment before he falls asleep, ""In and of itself, nothing really matters. What matters is that nothing is ever 'in and of itself.'"" Read to believe.",2003,Chuck Klosterman,3672,70069,272,Nonfiction,3.74,[]
197,Throne of Glass,"Meet Celaena Sardothien.Beautiful. Deadly. Destined for greatness.In a land without magic, where the king rules with an iron hand, Celaena, an assassin, is summoned to the castle. She comes not to kill the king, but to win her freedom. If she defeats twenty-three killers, thieves, and warriors in a competition, she is released from prison to serve as the king’s champion. The Crown Prince will provoke her. The Captain of the Guard will protect her. But something evil dwells in the castle of glass—and it’s there to kill. When her competitors start dying one by one, Celaena’s fight for freedom becomes a fight for survival, and a desperate quest to root out the evil before it destroys her world.",2012,Sarah J. Maas,66783,990349,406,Fantasy,4.19,[]
198,Allegiant,"The faction-based society that Tris Prior once believed in is shattered - fractured by violence and power struggles and scarred by loss and betrayal. So when offered a chance to explore the world past the limits she's known, Tris is ready. Perhaps beyond the fence, she and Tobias will find a simple new life together, free from complicated lies, tangled loyalties, and painful memories.But Tris's new reality is even more alarming than the one she left behind. Old discoveries are quickly rendered meaningless. Explosive new truths change the hearts of those she loves. And once again, Tris must battle to comprehend to complexities of human nature - and of herself - while facing impossible choices about courage, allegiance, sacrifice, and love.Told from a riveting dual perspective, ALLEGIANT, by #1 New York Times best-selling author Veronica Roth, brings the DIVERGENT series to a powerful conclusion while revealing the secrets of the dystopian world that has captivated millions of readers in DIVERGENT and INSURGENT.",2013,Veronica Roth,69248,987721,531,Young Adult,3.61,[]
199,The Song of Achilles,"Alternate cover edition of ISBN 9780062060624.Achilles, ""the best of all the Greeks,"" son of the cruel sea goddess Thetis and the legendary king Peleus, is strong, swift, and beautiful, irresistible to all who meet him. Patroclus is an awkward young prince, exiled from his homeland after an act of shocking violence. Brought together by chance, they forge an inseparable bond, despite risking the gods' wrath.They are trained by the centaur Chiron in the arts of war and medicine, but when word comes that Helen of Sparta has been kidnapped, all the heroes of Greece are called upon to lay siege to Troy in her name. Seduced by the promise of a glorious destiny, Achilles joins their cause, and torn between love and fear for his friend, Patroclus follows. Little do they know that the cruel Fates will test them both as never before and demand a terrible sacrifice.",2011,Madeline Miller,124173,1124969,378,Historical Fiction,4.37,[]
200,A Great and Terrible Beauty,"In this debut gothic novel mysterious visions, dark family secrets and a long-lost diary thrust Gemma and her classmates back into the horrors that followed her from India. (Ages 12+)It's 1895, and after the suicide of her mother, 16-year-old Gemma Doyle is shipped off from the life she knows in India to Spence, a proper boarding school in England. Lonely, guilt-ridden, and prone to visions of the future that have an uncomfortable habit of coming true, Gemma's reception there is a chilly one. To make things worse, she's been followed by a mysterious young Indian man, a man sent to watch her. But why? What is her destiny? And what will her entanglement with Spence's most powerful girls—and their foray into the spiritual world—lead to?",2003,Libba Bray,10344,219243,403,Fantasy,3.79,[]
201,Dear John,"An angry rebel, John dropped out of school and enlisted in the Army, not knowing what else to do with his life--until he meets the girl of his dreams, Savannah. Their mutual attraction quickly grows into the kind of love that leaves Savannah waiting for John to finish his tour of duty, and John wanting to settle down with the woman who has captured his heart. But 9/11 changes everything. John feels it is his duty to re-enlist. And sadly, the long separation finds Savannah falling in love with someone else. Dear John, the letter read... and with those two words, a heart was broken and two lives were changed forever. Returning home, John must come to grips with the fact that Savannah, now married, is still his true love—and face the hardest decision of his life.",2006,Nicholas Sparks,12302,584039,276,Romance,4.04,[]
202,Last Sacrifice,"They come first.My vision was growing dimmer, the blackness and ghosts closing in. I swore it was like I could hear Robert whispering in my ear: The world of the dead won't give you up a second time. Just before the light completely vanished, I saw Dimitri's face join Lissa's. I wanted to smile. I decided then that if the two people I loved most were safe, I could leave this world.The dead could finally have me.Rose Hathaway has always played by her own rules. She broke the law when she ran away from St. Vladimir's Academy with her best friend and last surviving Dragomir princess, Lissa. She broke the law when she fell in love with her gorgeous, off-limits instructor, Dimitri. And she dared to defy Queen Tatiana, leader of the Moroi world, risking her life and reputation to protect generations of dhampir guardians to come.Now the law has finally caught up with Rose - for a crime she didn't even commit. She's in prison for the highest offense imaginable: the assassination of a monarch. She'll need help from both Dimitri and Adrian to find the one living person who can stall her execution and force the Moroi elite to acknowledge a shocking new candidate for the royal throne: Vasilisa Dragomir.But the clock on Rose's life is running out. Rose knows in her heart the world of the dead wants her back...and this time she is truly out of second chances. The big question is, when your whole life is about saving others, who will save you?Join Rose, Dimitri, Adrian, and Lissa in Last Sacrifice, the epic, unforgettable finale to Richelle Mead's international #1 bestselling Vampire Academy series.",2010,Richelle Mead,12214,278494,594,Young Adult,4.38,[]
203,Paper Towns,"Who is the real Margo?Quentin Jacobsen has spent a lifetime loving the magnificently adventurous Margo Roth Spiegelman from afar. So when she cracks open a window and climbs into his life—dressed like a ninja and summoning him for an ingenious campaign of revenge—he follows. After their all-nighter ends, and a new day breaks, Q arrives at school to discover that Margo, always an enigma, has now become a mystery. But Q soon learns that there are clues—and they're for him. Urged down a disconnected path, the closer he gets, the less Q sees the girl he thought he knew...",2008,John Green,53903,1248064,305,Young Adult,3.73,[]
204,Possession of My Soul,"Awarded 'Best Fantasy Series of 2014' and 'Best Book Bad Guy of 2014' by The Paranormal Bookshelf.Karla Gray is an ordinary young woman that is taken from her mundane life into a world of blood lust as she begins to struggle with a unique ability. Karla is a Shielder; an exceptional fighter born with the rare ability to project a Shield for protection. However, Shielders are not the only kind that possesses such a talent. The Shielders battle a war that has been raging for centuries against Starkorfs, who harvest humans and Shielders alike to obtain a near immortality.Alongside the charming Lucas and selfless Paul, Karla must unravel the purpose of her curse and battle an unknown presence manipulating her thoughts; a mysterious woman who may be dormant for now, but has every intention of possessing Karla- mind, body, and soul.Within this new reality that Karla faces the search for the Three Immortal Blades begins.",2014,Kia Carrington-Russell,58,2287,230,Fantasy,3.52,"[""Possession Of My Soul is written by Kia Carrington-Russell and is the first book in the Three Immortal Blades Series. The story revolves around Karla, an unassuming teenage girl who finds herself thrust amidst a war, where each side of the fight remains unclear in their true intentions.Karla, as a character, is relatable. She isn’t annoying in the way that some main characters can be. She finds herself coming into her own with womanhood and newfound abilities. My main complaint about her was that I don’t think any of her love interests were believably built up. I wanted there to be more of a background to the emotions. There is a lot of thrust upon emotions regarding those who acquire her fancy. Otherwise, I enjoyed getting to see her find herself and find ways to stand up to adversity and find a strength she never knew she was capable of.The story itself is an interesting take on fantasy. There are a lot of typical factors, but they are shown in a new light. Some Starkorfs are essentially vampires, but almost in a zombie-type of fashion if they are not of very pure blood. There was no real detail about how one would become a Starkorf or merely something born into. If so, it would be interesting to know more about how actual procreation worked, if it was any different than humans, and those sorts of aspects. Given that this is the series' first book, it would be good to see if that was explained in more detail in later books.I did enjoy the ancillary characters and getting to know them. They did seem as if to be from a distance as a reader. The connection with their emotions wasn’t quite there. Indeed reading this book felt like it would be a 3-star type of book about 75% of the way in. Kia pulled it out for the last part of the book, which caused my rating to increase to 4 stars. She ends in a blaze of glory and leaves her ready to read more of the story.Overall I give this book 4/5 stars. Kia has potential as an author as she hones her writing skills. I hope to see more of a connection between the characters' feelings about a world that she does a great job describing. I love many new twists on unique abilities and would love to read an entire book about the elementals and some background about a particular wolf creature. If you are into fantasy, paranormal, young adult, fiction, woman empowerment, romance, etc., you may find yourself interested in this book.Show more"", 'In the paranormal world, is it possible to bring some fresh fodder for consumption to the reading table? Believe it or not, yes and it’s coming from a new chef on the block, Kia Carrington-Russell. Possession of My Soul has many of the trappings of the paranormal world, a teen who never really fit in, filled with all of the normal teen insecurities , who is rudely awakened to the fact that she is different, special and she has a purpose that goes far beyond bringing home a 4.0 average. Here’s where we take our first turn off the beaten path, and what an adventure this is!Karla learns she has the blood of a demon flowing through her veins, not because of ancestral lines, but through a transfusion given to her mother while she was pregnant. Finally, there is a reason for her headaches, not that it’s a pleasant one. Within her lives a demon, trapped and fighting to come out. All around her new world are beings capable of killing, battling each other with magical weapons, each being looks human, but their powers vary. Oh and there are good guys and bad guys, depending on whose “team” you are on, I suppose. Caught up in a very loose triangle, Karla finds herself drawn to a boy from her human world and one from her new world. One of them is not who she thinks. One of them will betray her. When the time for battle arrives, who will stand with Karla, who will stand against her?A monstrous evil is rising to power and no one is safe, but Karla is on a mission and will not be deterred.I think Kia Carrington-Russell has hit one out of the ball park! Her characters are uniquely individual, some with agendas, some not, and part of the fun of this tale is trying to figure out who is who. Ms. Carrington –Russell has put a whole new slant on demons, good vs evil and the inner turmoil faced by her heroine, a determined young woman who is dealing with her new life, the best she can. Fast-paced, with action scenes that come alive, pain that feels real and those few moments of banter that lightens the tone. From the dialogue to the plot and each scene in between, I was hooked.I received this copy from Kia Carrington-Russell in exchange for my honest review.Series: The Three Immortal Blades - Book 1Publication Date: May 12, 2014Publisher: Kia Carrington-RussellGenre: Urban Fantasy | ParanormalPrint Length: 258 pagesAvailable from: Amazon\n\nShow more', 'Karla was just your average shy girl who everyone could walk past and never ""see"" her. Her sidekick friend was the pretty one who always got all of the attention. So why did Paul, who every girl was fighting over, start to make conversation and happen to ""appear"" where ever she was. And why was a stranger willing to fight Paul over her. Suddenly, her life became anything but average. But when you are sharing your body and your mind with an immortal being and you are the last in her line that she can inhabit - ""boring"" can be erased from your dictionary.Karla learns that she is a ""Shielder"", and while she is teaching veteran shielders a thing or two that they have never seen before, she lacks control over it. While struggling to learn how to use her shield - she is thrust into a war that has been raging, unbeknownst to the average person, for quite a long time. You see, Starkoffs and Shielders mix together as well as bleach with brand new red clothes. When ever they meet - lots of red will lost (hey, I thought that was pretty clever! LOL). The pressure of realizing you have a ""power"" that you never knew you had, while trying to figure solve the age old problem of teenage girls everywhere (which boy they have a crush on), then discovering that your body can perform ninja like moves because it is controlled by an immortal being - it\'s enough to make anyone hear little voices in their head! Heck, killing Starkoffs might be the easiest thing that the ex-nerd Karla has to deal with!!!Possession of My Soul (The Three Immortal Blades) is the debut novel by the young author Kia Carrington-Russell. Good news to those who will enjoy this first novel by Carrington-Russell - there are two more coming! Her talent will only increase the more she writes, but don\'t wait until everyone is talking about her - be one of the first to follow what looks to be a long career of writing from Kia! If you like Young Adult Fantasy, with a touch of angst ridden semi-romance that never quite gets fulfilled - then this series is worth your attention. Strengths- Nice development of the plot and characters. Enough twists to keep your interest.- No spelling or grammar issues were found.- Good pacing between action scenes and plot development.Weaknesses- At points, I found Karla (from whose point of view the story is told) repeating her problems and difficulties a few too many times. But having a teenage daughter myself, this is definitely in character!- Some things just seem to ""happen"" without much of a buildup. For example, Karla learns some new tricks (such as ""hearing"" from the earth by draining some energy from it) just out of nowhere. To be fair, the story is told from Karla\'s point of view and she is being rushed to use her new found powers in battle well before she has and opportunity explore all of the new facets of it.- See more at: http://moviesandmanuscripts.blogspot....Show more', ""This is a review from SN BookReviews. You want a great hot read then you found it!!! This book is exciting and full of adventures, betrayal, love, dedication, sacrifice and much more. It gives you all different emotions that sends your mind on a roller coaster!Kia Carrington-Russell paranormal author is talented. I fell in love with this book! Karla is strong willed and sweet person all rolled in one. At first I wasn't sure about her character but as she grows in maturity and coming into her self especially as a shielded, you find her easy to like. Kia book grabs your attention from the start and her words flow effortlessly with an impact of emotion that leaves breathless. Karla is a normal girl or so she thinks. Then one day she is on her first date with Paul which she is learning its ok to let someone shower you with affection. One minute shes a normal teenager then the next as soon as she bumps into a stranger her life turns into a whole different world. Her body goes crazy! When she wakes up she finds her self in a strange place with these creatures after her. With the help of new friends she learns about herself and goes on an adventure of a lifetime. Can she handle all this that life has thrown her? I am so excited to read the next book in this series. I'm ready to dig in an read what adventures happen next! The author us exceptionally talented at c cliffhangers as well. Boy I did not see that coming. Kia you got it going on Kia!! Lol.So if you are looking for an epic adventure with a paranormal twist then you've found it. I found myself feeling all different emotions and that is true talent. So hold on to your seats and dig in!!Show more"", 'Possession of my Soul is the first book in a series which tells us the story of Karla Grey, a seemingly ordinary 17 year old who soon finds her life completely changed. Apparently she has been cursed and now has to deal with a whole new world, as well as a strange presence in her soul, trying to take over her thoughts and body.   Positives  - I liked that the romance part wasn\'t obvious.  - There are some interesting ideas here and overall I enjoyed the world created by the author.  - Some scenes were pretty exciting.  - In other books of the sort, I often find that the progression in fighting skills is too quick or non-existent. The main character goes from being ordinary to super powerful in a heartbeat. Here we don\'t have this issue, because the being who possesses Karla takes over in the fighting scenes.  - I was pleased to see that even though this is the first book in a series, there were no excessive cliff-hangers in the end. You want to know what comes next but the book is still enjoyable as a stand alone, there is a fair sense of closure.  - I liked how some of the characters weren\'t obviously good or bad. It really all depends on perspective.  - The way the story was presented was quite appealing. The prologue being the turning point in Karla\'s story and then chapter 1 going back a few days previous, to introduce us to her regular life before everything started crashing down.   Negatives:  - Some things were very repetitive. I kept having déjà vu feelings at whole descriptions in general and certain expressions in particular. For instance, the fact that the author kept saying all the guys but Greg had a muscular frame got very old very fast, as well as the descriptions of hair and eyes.  - Some references to what had been said previously made no sense, things that made me go back and reread and see if I missed something or misread it. Example:  ""It just means my little girl\'s opening up from her shell (...) I hated it when she still called me her \'baby girl\'. She didn\'t. She said little girl, not baby girl.  (...)disrespect and defend that girl?(...) How am I a little girl? Again, nowhere does it say little girl, just girl.  - At times the narrative did not feel very realistic, like when Karla first met and thought about Lucas. It didn\'t feel like he was a stranger, something was off. He was already \'Lucas\', not \'that guy\' or \'that strange young man\' or whatever. Paul\'s intense interest in her seemed off as well, one minute they don\'t hang out at all and then next he is buying her an expensive dress. I didn\'t even get how he could afford to buy it. I mean, where did he get the money? We don\'t know much about him other than he likes to use his fists, has green eyes and dark hair. I just didn\'t get why he would drop everything to go with Karla towards the end. Maybe he had a crush on her for a while, but sorry, leaving everything like that for someone who doesn\'t even share the same interest as him just doesn\'t strike me as realistic. Where\'s his family in all this? His friends? He\'s a popular guy at school, for crying out loud! Why would he give everything up for someone he can\'t even really know, since he never really spent time with her? And Lucas. He went to live with Seth and Helena and the others since he was what, 7? At least that\'s what I recall from the story he told Karla, he went there shortly after the kitten thing. And yet neither does anyone but Karla seem to react to his betrayal nor does he seem affected at all to betray the people who raised him as their own, only focusing on how Karla made him feel because he had never met anyone who was so dependant on him?? Come on.  - I was not a fan of the writing. There were several grammar issues, especially concerning wrong verb tenses (The last ten minutes of my life was wasted; As of late I didn\'t had the time), misspellings such as then instead of than, too instead of to, gentlemen instead of gentleman, you\'re instead of your, weapon\'s instead of weapons...; singular instead of plural and vice versa (Karla. Paul. If you cannot restrain yourself enough (…)); and an absolute absence of punctuation at times, particularly lack of commas when addressing someone ""In only a short time Karla we will reunite you with your family."", periods instead of question marks (I stopped taking notes after a while), etc. So the writing felt too colloquial, as if it wasn\'t a priority at all, and I didn\'t appreciate it. The book should be properly edited.  - Even though there was plenty of action, at times I felt the book dragged on, both because of the repetitiveness mentioned above and the descriptions of her thoughts (all the questions and the crying...) - all that made me not relate much to the character, even though I am sure the effect intended was the exact opposite. On the other hand, in other occasions too much information was given at a time.  - Again I find the book synopsis was a bit too revealing for my taste.   Conclusion:  I wish there had been more work put into the development of characters and that the writing had been more polished, but overall Possession of my Heart is an entertaining read and I do recommend it to fantasy lovers out there.   I received a free copy of this book in exchange for my honest review.Show more', '""The burden of self-discovery is to find, not who you are but what you are.""Karla was a normal teenage girl, somewhat quiet and shy, one who often listened to her best friend rant on and on about her beau dujour whom most recently is Paul. ""She is going to be the end of me."" was Karla\'s thought just before she was caught in the wrath of her teacher and sentenced to detention with Paul, the class clown-as Karla so lovingly thought of him. Although while together in detention, she finds that she may be more interested in him than she ever realized. ""I can\'t understand why Sarah would want to be suspended simply so she could get attention from Paul. And I most certainly can\'t grasp why I keep thinking of Paul."" As she starts to let herself enjoy his interest tragedy strikes. ""The pain was like venom triggering every nerve in my body to shut down. I can\'t handle it anymore, "" I love you, I gasped into the phone, while tears replaced the rain drenching my face."" Her last thought before being thrown into a world she never even knew existed, though maybe she should have, was of relief and fear. ""Relief and fear was all that functioned in my mind. Relief to know the pain will go away; fear to know that I\'m dying.""After awakening in a strange place with people she had never seen before, except for one- Lucas. He was the one who was there after the accident as she thought she was dying, ""My gave was cradled in Lucas\'s chest; he was embracing me on his arms. My eyesight slowly was taken away from me, leaving me in the dark. I can\'t breathe."" She had feared for her ""life and yet, was relieved when it was over."" The people who took her in were kind and casting, even though she didn\'t understand what was going on. One tried to explain, ""I know this is a lot for you to adjust to, but you must understand, we don\'t want to hurt you. We are here to help you, hoping you can do the same in return."" Though she couldn\'t help but think, ""Nothing makes sense and I can\'t imagine where I will find the answers."" Fearing the worst and thinking she was kidnapped she tries to make an escape only to find herself head on with more things she didn\'t understand. Thankfully the ones who took her on were there to protect her. And though she needed answers and they wanted to help her understand the only thing she could think was ""Right now I did\'t want to be told what had happened because I was too scared to hear the answer. My kidnappers had just saved me from some kind of creatures who desperately wanted to kill me."" ""What is going on? I cried not only from the pain in my nose but from the feelings I had buried deep inside after all that had happened."" ""Two days ago I would have called him a liar. But after what I saw today-and what I felt when that little girl attacked me, squeezing my throat-I couldn\'t help but believe him entirely."" were Karla\'s thoughts after finally hearing what was going on. With the new knowledge she had attained all she just wanted ""to fall asleep and forget all of this, and wake up to find it all a terrible nightmare."" But even sleep couldn\'t not save her she kept having strange dreams; in one of these stands her uncle came to her starting ""Dear Karla, see what happens when you show affection to your prey? You cough your own blood instead of seeing there\'s."" After not being able to escape and not finding relaxation through sleep she finally decided ""This is what I must do, if only to say goodbye to the life I once knew."" She would find a way to embrace this new life she was given and do what she had to do to keep living. ""Remembering Helena\'s suggestion, (she) slipped through the hall to the lounge-room in search of a book."" This was a start to her new journey where she learned many remarkable things about herself and those around her. ""Maybe I am simply trying to avoid the evidence that I too might have the ability of a Shielder. Because of that is proven then I cannot deny the words they speak or the reality of this world I have been dragged into."" After coming to this realization done training and practice was in order. ""To have created such a beautiful thing from my core...it gave me an unfamiliar sense of belonging."" ""The invisible wall that comes between us, (she) mused."" So happy with herself for doing so well so quickly. But as fate would have it before she could completely understand what was going on with her new found talents or how to use them properly things took another dark turn. ""Is this the woman inside of my head taking over? Is she igniting my feelings with her own?"" ""Am I a pawn of destruction? Or simply a misguided girl tortured in the night?"" These became the kind of questions dancing around in her head especially after having someone tell her, ""And I shall wait for your return; knowing it is your body, but not your soul, that you possess."" Karla has the weight of the world on her shoulders and a fight to the death faced her. But she pushed forward with her strong will thinking ""I can do this; I can confront Paul and find me parents."" ""And if anyone can help me it will be Lucas: my protector."" So she took the next step and after finding Paul she discerned, ""I had missed Paul Stuart like crazy without even knowing it. How could I have forgotten his face? I had to touch it to make sure it was real."" ""I then realized it wasn\'t just my dreams that I dreaded- it was simply walking down the street doing an everyday normal human thing."" Now that she understood her feelings for Paul what did that mean for the way she was feeling about Lucas. As she burdened herself with these feelings she still knew she had to find her parents but that would prove itself to be difficult with the evil that lurked in her way. ""I he will truly want to save me after I tell him of this other life I am forced to live. Will Paul still want to protect me when it\'s not only the Starkorfs I need protection from but myself as well?"" ""My eyes searched his been eyes; he was just as lost as I was."" The feelings were there in the grasps for Paul and Karla but the evil wasn\'t about to let things go so easily. ""When your true being is that filled with rage and hate, a chain can only hold the power back for so long. When that beast is let out nothing can stand in its way. Not even your soul."" ""I closed my eyes, ashamed that these \'creatures\' that he spoke of were now a part of who I was. I can no longer be scared nor cry. This I must do."" ""I must protect those I love- and all other humans- from her kind. I have a gift that enables me to do so: I am a Shielder."" She had to become strong not only for herself but everyone else as well, however she did find help ""Could he really be going through all these lengths for me? I thought in amazement."" And the war ensued giving Karla an epiphany ""My childhood has been lost amongst this war, and with it I am entrusted with this curse."" As the force of this hit her and the events that had taken place over the past few days became pieces of a puzzle to put together she was left with the words of someone who meant so much to her, ""One day we are destined to fight, and when that day happens I will do everything I can to not hurt you.""Show more', ""The first few chapters of this YA urban fantasy follow a girl telling us about her school and home life; quite an ordinary set of events, as Karla herself does not know that she is anything but ordinary. Her parents have debts, as many people do, so Karla helps by waitressing in the evenings. That's where she first meets a stranger who introduces himself as Lucas - to the annoyance of a young man called Paul from Karla's class. POSSESSION OF MY SOUL is what interests Lucas. On a rainy day out shopping with Paul, Karla begins to feel ill so Paul tries to drive her to hospital but crashes his car on the wet road. Karla slips into unconsciousness and wakes in the company of Lucas, who claims that she died and he saved her, bringing her to a new location. What can Karla believe? Her instinct tells her to escape.The forest outside this house turns out to be full of much deadlier dangers and Karla is saved by Lucas, who has followed her with friends. Like it or not, she has to trust him. Now Lucas explains that a few persons can project an invisible shield, to save themselves and others from attack. Some of these people turned away from good and became Starkovs. Karla has inherited this skill and must learn to use it well as foes beset her. She learns that battles with the Starkovs have been ongoing for centuries as they have become cannibals to extend their powers and lives. The good shielders try to stop them. However, Karla's parents had warned her against people who would try to use her. Is this what they meant? Karla has a lot to learn, such as control of her shield, but she throws out a few surprises too. She dreams of weapons known as Three Immortal Blades but doesn't know any more. Not everyone she meets trusts her - and with good reason. I enjoyed some scenes in particular, such as the demonstration of shielding by throwing water at Lucas, who easily keeps it away from himself and Karla. The characters are varied and interesting. There is a lot of violence and tension in this dark urban fantasy and at times it was more of a horror than I enjoy reading, though anyone who enjoys a horror tale should feel right at home. I would also have liked more location detail. Much of the action takes place among trees. What kind of trees? Are there conifers, broadleaves, woodland creatures? The author lives in Australia but eucalyptus trees are not mentioned, while the introduction of a wolf implies the northern hemisphere. Kia Carrington-Russell is a young author writing for young adults. In this her first book we can see a wide vocabulary with a keenness for action sequences, challenges and character development. As with many new authors I did notice that her use of English is not perfect but no doubt that will improve as she continues to read and write. Her strength is notably in the vivid imagery of her very real fast-paced action. Many teenagers feel themselves to have an identity vacuum as they mature, when their old way of life does not seem to fit them and they do not know what the future will bring or what talents they will develop. Ms Carrington-Russell has given voice to this challenge in POSSESSION OF MY SOUL: THREE IMMORTAL BLADES which should be enjoyed by kick-ass, strong heroine, dark fantasy YA readers everywhere. Show more"", ""Since Buffy The Vampire Slayer young women have begun to dominate the market, especially the written, but also some of these then get transferred to the visual, be it television or cinema. As I read, or watch, these stories unfold a pattern of their genesis emerges. That is, the female protagonists are unwilling, surprised that they get pushed into the limelight (which often entails extreme physical danger for themselves and anyone they know) and would give anything to NOT be the heroine and crave returning to some sort of 'normality'.Most of them spend the early, formative years of their lives totally unaware that within their genes is something that will change their lives forever, however much they might fight it. This reluctance and 'fighting the inevitable' puts them into danger due to their own recklessness and inability to come to terms with what fate has in store.Karla is such a young woman. It doesn't help that those who do know what she is and has to do seem to be particularly inept when it comes to communication. Sitting her down and explaining what she is would solve a lot of hassle for all concerned – but that would take away some of the jeopardy. She slowly learns that within her she carries the genes of one of the siblings whose reason for existence is to be the saviour of the human race together with her siblings. However, in the past some of the humans had been less that gracious to these almost gods and instead of living in harmony descendents of the 'gods' turn against the human race, intent on living forever (by eating as many humans as possible) and destroying any aspect of the pro-human 'Shielders' as possible.In general I liked this book. However …There's always a but. Why do young writers persist on filling their pages (and hence wasting their own time in the writing process) with information that in no way moves the story forward?In a way I think I understand why these bits are put in, in an effort to 'humanise' the protagonist but, honestly, I see them only as a distraction and a waste of time.I'll just select a couple of examples. Why the obsession with hair and eyes? More so if the hair was long and Karla could lose herself in such eyes. This came up time and time again.The other obsession is with clothes, the description of or placing them in some sort of central position in the plot. This might be because the author is aiming for a readership which is contemporary to herself but I just couldn't see the sense of it. (I should add here I'm not the demographic towards whom this novel is directed.)There's one scene in particular (around page 130) where she goes into such detail about what everyone was wearing at a formal dinner but the meaning went way over my head. If I got it right some of the killers (although on which side they will turn out is still in some doubt) were obsessed with correct clothing and would consider it an insult (under normal conditions) if people arrived badly dressed. Now that might be a comment on dress in our present society (that's all I could think of to justify its inclusion) but was it really necessary?Apart from those small quibbles I quite enjoyed this novel.A Goodreads First Reads winner.Show more"", '3.5 STARS***I received the eBook free as a review copy from the author in exchange for an honest review***I thought I was going into this book not knowing much, and it’s only now that I realise even though there were a lot of twists the synopsis was very revealing. It didn’t ruin the book for me at all though, because like I said I only just realised!This might be because Possession of my Soul is Kia’s first novel, but I have to say it’s a very impressive kick start into the bookosphere (that’s now officially a thing… because I said so…). Her writing isn’t amateurish like some people expect from debuts and her style was very clear from that start. Filled with action sequences and generally never a calm moment, this was my type of book. Simple as that.At times it felt rushed, or explanations about the little details were skipped so the plot could move faster and the perfectionist readers out there might not like that so much, but I found it just made it a lighter read (as light as you can get with so much possession and death)!On the whole, I really enjoyed this book (even though at the start I wanted to punch Karla; however she did grow on me when she got stronger for the people she loved which was an admirable feat) and I look forward to reading more of Kia’s work.Posted on: http://enchantedbyya.blogspot.co.uk/Show more', ""I received this book from the author in return for an honest to goodness review. I am a part of the Review Team @ The Paranormal Bookshelf. Category: Paranormal fantasySpoilers: NONEBook #1 in The Immortal Blades series For the first book from this author, I have to say, I am very impressed. There were times in which I was very lost because of the amount of information that was given. With that being said, that was the only true downfall I found. For a first book there wasn't a lot of issues with plot, grammar, etc... There is a OMG ending for those of you who need to know before you read. Karla, the books main female character had moments where she was annoying and times when she stepped up in her situation and I think that she has room to grow throughout the series. This book does not disappoint, there is a lot details and a lot of action throughout. All in all, a great start to this series. So with all of this, we gave the book 4.7 out of 5 stars. Show more"", 'This is the very first book that I have read by Kia!!! This book was amazing. I enjoyed reading it. I literally can see while reading this book; everything I read being played out as if I was watching an exciting movie.This book kept me entertained from start to finish. The reason it took me a bit to read is that I was sick.I loved Karla, the main character in the book. She seems to be a shy girl at first but she has to learn to be a fighter. As you may or may not know I do not give out spoilers!I recommend if you want to read a book that has action, fantasy, and strong women in their books- READ this one!!!It was Great❤️Show more', ""I have to say I didn't know much about this book going into it but once I found out more I was so keen! BEWARE SPOILERS.So this book. THIS BOOK. Well it was action packed and funny and I just loooved the characters. I didn't expect to cry in this book but guess what! I was bawling at the end after the betrayal and the death... it was so epic... I just can't wait until Possession of My Heart. I RECOMMEND IT TO EVERYONE :) thanks Kia!Show more"", ""Kia is an amazing author, a talented woman and i am so excited to be delving into her fantasy world. Can't wait to read more and I would recommend this book Xoxo "", 'Possession of My Soul is the first book in the Three Immortal Blade Series by Kia Carrington-Russell. I have read several paranormal series with many different types of creatures/beings. This series is different from everyone that I have read. This is a complex story that drags you in from the very first page with a setting that is based on a high school student Karla Gray. She has gone through high school as an ordinary student that is average until she has an encounter with Lucas a mysterious man she meets while she is at work. When Karla becomes suddenly dies and wakes up in a strange place with Lucas. She learns of her ability as a Shield as she meets the rest of the team that lives with Lucas. Meeting the team she learns of a whole world that lives in the shadows of her ordinary life where there are 2 sides Starkofs and Shields. As she is being mentored on her skills is it discovered Karla is not an average Shield and learns she has Misfeata one of 3 Elders within her that is waiting to continue the war started centuries earlier. Possession of My Soul has many twists, turns and tension between characters as they progress on their journey to acquire Aeisha on of the Three Immortal Blades. Karla fights to keep Misfeata from taking over and constantly fights to keep her identity.Lucas plays a pivotal role in this book as well since he is a Starkof living with Shields. He has been playing both sides by giving information to Raven and Nathaniel his brother. One of the Elders Tyran , who created Starkofs, lives within Lucas’ father Praytar.Kia has been able to create an environment where the characters come alive. You are able to feel the characters inner turmoil’s, betrayal, love, sadness, loss and insecurities. The ending to this books leaves you wanting more and eagerly await the next installment. I highly recommend this series.Show more', 'Loved this debut novel!On the surface, Karla appears to be the average teenager – friendship woes, her family struggling financially and dealing with the usual angst – school, detention and boys. This façade quickly disappears as Karla is plunged into a world that is beyond her imagination. How could she, just a regular person, be a defender of human life? How could she do battle against those who were killing humans in their continuing fight for power and a thirst for immortality. Without her parents support, Karla must grow up quickly – who is her friend in this new world? Who can she trust? While struggling to adapt, she must also face a years old curse that has made her vulnerable at a time when she needs all her strength. How will this teenager deal with her frightening new reality?At first I was a bit confused. Was I reading urban fantasy, paranormal, fantasy? I quickly realized what I was reading was a well-written debut novel. The author has brought together intriguing characters which blend and meld into a wonderfully told, suspense-filled plot. Karla is seemingly a typical teenager struggling with the usual problems. A car accident is the catalyst that plunges her into a frightening new world. Learning to defend herself in life-threatening battles – hand to hand combat to the death - Karla must also determine friends from foes. Things are not always as they seem. As the curse manifests itself in different ways the struggle and intensity only deepens.While there are almost a dizzying number of characters introduced in this first installment, and I found myself a bit lost at times, I liked the story a lot. Book 1 was fast-paced, engaging and the cliff-hanger ending has me eagerly looking for the next book in the series.Show more', ""Kia Carrington tells us about a girl called Karla who is still in school, also works part time in a café. She doesn't really have many friends. Her parents both work, she is their only child. Karla comes across as a very shy girl but nice. She starts to worry why a boy called Paul seems to take an interest in her, he has never really bothered with her before, she asks herself a million questions as to why Paul wants her to go out with her. Just as Karla is starting to live a little things take a sudden twist in her life. Her world is not as she once had known it. Learning about Shielders and Starkoffs. It all becomes to much, what is going on? She doesn't understand the How, the Why, the When. Everyone around her seems to have too many secrets. Who should she believe? A guy called Lucas seems to be her friend but she is not sure who to trust. One thing is for certain life for Karla will never be the same again.I did enjoy this read, it is very different from anything I have read before. If you enjoy paranormal reads then this book is for you.Show more"", 'Prologue = INTENSE! A couple of typos here and there like words being left out that caused me to have to reread a sentence here and there again. It did not take away from the reading of the book however. This book makes you think of vampires and vampire hunters or angels and demons, but both are far from the case. It has a feel of one of those paranormal type books; however, it is refreshing in regards to the actual types of beings that are caught in the battle of Good Vs. Evil that we find in all sorts of literature. I am looking forward to reading the second book, to see what happens to Karla and Paul, Tyran and Misfeata, and what ultimately happens with Lucas? I look forward to seeing what happens with the rest of the series. I cannot get my hands on them fast enough. This book truly has me reflectively thinking about it, my brain calm and relaxed at what I have thoroughly enjoyed reading.This book was a gift to me from Kia Carrington-Russell, so that I would be able to write a review.Show more', ""Possession of My Soul begins when some strange things start happening to Karla, and she thinks she's being followed. Then the strangest thing of all happens.. Something no one can figure out exactly why it happened. It leads Karla to a whole new world with things she never once thought existed, and people she's unsure if she can trust. Now, she must struggle to figure things out before it's too late, and get back to her family. This book hooked me from the prologue! That was freaking awesome, however, the rest of the story wasn't as great as that. I think it was because I never really connected with or liked the heroine. I didn't like how she came off at first, and then I really didn't like how she seemed to cry all the time. Other then that though the whole plot line was very interesting, and unique. It had lots of twists and turns that totally surprised me all the way to the end. This is a very interesting story, and I look forward to reading more.Show more"", 'I received this book in exchange for an honest review. It is extremely rare that I give a book 5 stars so for a book to receive 4 stars means I really enjoyed it. I struggled a little bit to get into it, mainly I think due to my timing (just before Christmas) but once I did get hooked, it was only the festivities that kept me from reading it all in one night! This is an interesting fantasy work, mixing the everyday very recognizable ordinary girl who has to deal with bullys, the class queen and sporty star, parents with their own schedules and priorities. Then suddenly she is the weak link in a mysterious world where people have magical abilities, horrifying enemies and friends who might not always be friends. This young ordinary girl discovers herself to be not that ordinary and has to find her inner strength to determine the future for herself and others. Looking forward to book 2!! Show more', ""This is different than other paranormal books I've read and totally enjoyed it. Karla thought she was an ordinary girl until one night that changed the world as she knew. All of a sudden she wasn't your regular kid in school, working a part time job to earn some money nope she has special abilities and is expected to fight others to help save the humans. Oh throw in someone else inside her body with her makes for a very interesting and suspenseful read. The author wrote a different and great story with very strong characters that make you want to know what happens next. I can't wait to read the next book to find out what does happenShow more"", ""It was an amazing book with an original story line. Such a huge plot twist near the end which made my heart drop but it made the story more interesting and engaging. The characters are amazing and developed really well throughout the book. I can't wait to start the next book!"", ""Strong female character with battles, internal and external. Non-stop action, interesting characters who continue to evolve as the story challenges them. Magic, love, intrigue. It all adds up to a story I didn't want to put down. I'm looking forward to reading more of Kia's stories."", 'My first, and my favourite.', ""Karla had always believed that she was just an ordinary girl, she studied hard ant school and never paid much attention to boys, until Paul, the best looking boy in school, shows an interest in her. What started off as just a ride home from work soon turned into more. On the next day, they go out to get clothes for dinner in the evening, Paul unfortunately loses control of his car and crashes. Leaving Karla dead.Or so she thought. She soon reawakens in a stranger’s home where Lucas is waiting for her. He goes onto explain that she is actually a shielder (her role is to protect humans from Starkof’s – shielder’s gone bad). The Starkof’s have been showing an unusual amount of interest in Karla which had caused Lucas to follow her and watch her until the crash.However nobody could have foretold the magnitude of the change in Karla for now she is fighting her body being possessed by a woman who was one of the original shielder’s, intent on getting her immortal blades back through Karla. Will Karla be able to stop this woman from taking complete possession of her body and soul?? What happens when they find a traitor in their midst??This is a brilliant book full of twists and turns right to the very end. I loved that at the start of the book you get Karla's background story and pieces of her life from home. I loved Karla, how that even though she thought she was an ordinary girl and was quickly thrust into a supernatural world, she is actually able to adapt quite quickly. You could tell though that she was afraid of her new ability and what would happen to her and if she would ever to be able to go back to living a normal lifestyle. I was seriously in awe of how she was able to battle to stop herself being possessed completely.Not sure how I felt about Lucas, I have lots of conflicted feelings about him. I mean on one hand you could tell he cared deeply for Karla but then at the same time there was something about him that I never quit trusted. I also loved Paul as although it was his car that crashed and caused Karla to 'die', he never left her really he was there helping her as soon as he could. I really enjoyed this book (I read it in one go) and would highly recommend it to others.Show more"", ""Since there are plenty of reviews that discuss the storyline, I won't be going into details of the plot. Personally, I prefer to read books blind, rather than know what to expect thanks to details leaked on the back cover.This was a interesting story, one that is equally enjoyable for YA readers and older readers. I'd classify it as urban fantasy, leaning a bit towards the dark side of the genre This is first book in a series set in a world where the paranormal lies below the surface of normal human life, hidden from view.Told from Karla's first person point of view, you are immediately immersed into this world and her story.This book is the introduction to a series, with a minor resolution at the end. It's written in a epic arch style leaving you wanting to pick up the next book in the series to find out what happens to Karla next.Note: I received a free copy of this book in exchange for an honest review.Since I don't normally write reviews unless I have something specific to say, here's the break down of how I rate my books...1 star... This book was bad, so bad I may have given up and skipped to the end. I will avoid this author like the plague in the future.2 stars... This book was not very good, and I won't be reading any more from the author.3 stars... This book was ok, but I won't go out of my way to read more, But if I find another book by the author for under a dollar I'd pick it up.4 stars... I really enjoyed this book and will definitely be on the look out to pick up more from the series/author.5 stars... I loved this book! It has earned a permanent home in my collection and I'll be picking up the rest of the series and other books from the author ASAP.Show more"", ""**Copy of book provided by the author in return for an honest review.**DISCLAIMER TO MY FELLOW GOODREADERThis review is my personal opinion and may contain: spoilers, quotes, rants, cussing (sometimes I cannot help myself) and a possible full on recap. I in no way want to ruin anyone’s book reading experience so please read my words with caution.17 year old Karla Grey is an ordinary girl attending school. Her best friend Sarah is a little bit of an attention whore, but always means the best. Karla seems to have suddenly caught the eye of their school's most sought after boy, Greg. She is completely thrown off when he wants to hang out with her. Things like this never happen to her. One night at work, Karla meets an intense stranger (that seems to know her). This stranger is Lucas and after something terrible happens to her, he seemingly comes to the rescue.Karla is thrown into a world she never knew existed. Lucas tells her that the Starkorfs and Shielders have been battling for centuries. Now she's one of them (a Shielder) and will remain under their protection until she learns to control her new ability. Karla seems to be fighting an internal battle? Is she more powerful than any of them realize? Can she control it or will she end up hurting those trying to save her?Betrayal comes in many packages. Twists and turns. Very YA but interested in knowing what happens next. Cliffhanger – yes (book 1 of series)POV - KarlaShow more"", ""This book was... good. It had its strong points. But in other areas... it was rather dull and confusing. Such as Karla's love life. Wow. I don't even know where to begin with that one! To be honest, it feels all over the place. We were introduced to Paul and saw a development of their friendship... or relationship blossom, then Lucas and we saw development in their tingo they got going there. But tbh what is dull about it... it just feels cold and dull. The interacts she has with them is very awkward and always shy. Now being shy isn't a bad thing... but it was constant and ALWAYS. WHAT IS WITH THOSE DREAMS? When they begun happening it was rather frustrating? Why? Because the details were all mixed and confused. And I'm sorry but they always occur in the most inconvenient times. Like during a fight. WTF. It totally disrupts the entire book and mood of it. What is this about Kurt?? I got the feeling that at the beginning he was important but now he is in the background and doesn't say sh*t all! Like sorry but come on! Lucas... tbh I was not surprised when Karla figured out that Lucas was the baddie. There were so many hints it was so stupid. I may as well as read the other books to find out what actually happens but so far... NOT IMPRESSED.Show more"", 'This was a very active book to read with so many plot twists that sometimes you forget who is friend or foe or both and most times your just not sure either way. Karla starts off as a normal girl until she meets Lucas and then everything just tail spins from there. She struggles to learn to accept her new abilities and slowly learns that there is actually an ancient being trying to take her over. Instead of giving in, she fights to keep her soul even though it means near death for her on several occasions. This book does take you for a ride from one wild event to another as she learns the world is not what she thought it was. I spent most of the book frustrated at Karla and just wanted to smack her sometimes to get her priorities straight and actually wake up and learn something like.. how to fight so she could save her own life without everyone having to come rescue her. But she learns. ever so slowly she learns... Show more', ""Meet Karla, shy and sweet , she's got few friends, and fewer prospects of a date to the dance. Enter Paul, studly jock that all the girls drool over, he wants Karla in a big way. This book starts out as a classic high school romance, where the nerdy girl gets the hot guy. Then the weird stuff starts happening. Karla nearly dies (or does, mostly) and wakes up the prisoner of Lucas ( with whom she's had a few strange run ins lately). She doesn't know where her parents are, and is told she must train to use her 'magical' abilities in order for her to be allowed to leave. The above all happens right at the beginning of the story, so it's not really a spoiler. I can tell you that there are vampire-like creatures, magical powers, and possession , all in this one story , which is book one in a series. The ending leaves you wanting to read the next one, but not with the burning intensity of a cliffhanger. This was a great book!Show more"", 'DNF 30%I don\'t usually say anything negative about books I don\'t finish because I kind of feel it is unfair to judge a book as a whole when I didn\'t read the entire book. That is also why I don\'t typically rate a book I didn\'t finish.However, the writing in this book was definitely not my cup of crazy. The protagonist is supposed to be a teenage girl, yet she says things like, ""I don\'t understand. I don\'t have this ability you speak of,"" I said forcefully, trying not to stumble over my words. I don\'t know a teenager alive who talks like that. All of the writing struck me as stilted and kept me from getting into the story. Now, this could have just been me, I\'ve seen other reviews from people who really enjoyed this book, so I can\'t say I\'m not recommending this book to you. Maybe just ask yourself, ""Would a sentences like the example above drive me crazy while I read?"" If the answer is no, then jump in with both feet.Show more']"
205,Americanah,"Ifemelu and Obinze are young and in love when they depart military-ruled Nigeria for the West. Beautiful, self-assured Ifemelu heads for America, where despite her academic success, she is forced to grapple with what it means to be black for the first time. Quiet, thoughtful Obinze had hoped to join her, but with post-9/11 America closed to him, he instead plunges into a dangerous, undocumented life in London. Fifteen years later, they reunite in a newly democratic Nigeria, and reignite their passion—for each other and for their homeland.",2013,Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie,28258,344489,477,Fiction,4.32,[]
206,Under the Dome,"Under the Dome is the story of the small town of Chester's Mill, Maine which is inexplicably and suddenly sealed off from the rest of the world by an invisible force field. No one can get in and no one can get out. When food, electricity and water run short, the normal rules of society are changed. A new and more sinister social order develops, Dale Barbara, a young Iraq veteran, teams up with a handful of intrepid citizens to fight against the corruption that is sweeping through the town and to try to discover the source of the Dome before it is too late...",2009,Stephen King,16277,286204,1074,Horror,3.91,[]
207,Clockwork Princess,"Danger and betrayal, love and loss, secrets and enchantment are woven together in the breathtaking finale to the #1 New York Times bestselling Infernal Devices Trilogy, prequel to the internationally bestselling Mortal Instruments series.THE INFERNAL DEVICES WILL NEVER STOP COMINGA net of shadows begins to tighten around the Shadowhunters of the London Institute. Mortmain plans to use his Infernal Devices, an army of pitiless automatons, to destroy the Shadowhunters. He needs only one last item to complete his plan: he needs Tessa Gray.Charlotte Branwell, head of the London Institute, is desperate to find Mortmain before he strikes. But when Mortmain abducts Tessa, the boys who lay equal claim to her heart, Jem and Will, will do anything to save her. For though Tessa and Jem are now engaged, Will is as much in love with her as ever.As those who love Tessa rally to rescue her from Mortmain’s clutches, Tessa realizes that the only person who can save her is herself. But can a single girl, even one who can command the power of angels, face down an entire army?Danger and betrayal, secrets and enchantment, and the tangled threads of love and loss intertwine as the Shadowhunters are pushed to the very brink of destruction in the breathtaking conclusion to the Infernal Devices trilogy.",2013,Cassandra Clare,37204,418826,567,Fantasy,4.56,[]
208,The Crimson Petal and the White,"Sugar, 19, prostitute in Victorian London, yearns for a better life. From brutal brothel-keeper Mrs Castaway, she ascends in society. Affections of self-involved perfume magnate William Rackham soon smells like love. Her social rise attracts preening socialites, drunken journalists, untrustworthy servants, vile guttersnipes, and whores of all kinds.",2002,Michel Faber,3463,42430,922,Historical Fiction,3.88,[]
209,The Lacuna,"In her most accomplished novel, Barbara Kingsolver takes us on an epic journey from the Mexico City of artists Diego Rivera and Frida Kahlo to the America of Pearl Harbor, FDR, and J. Edgar Hoover. The Lacuna is a poignant story of a man pulled between two nations as they invent their modern identities. Born in the United States, reared in a series of provisional households in Mexico—from a coastal island jungle to 1930s Mexico City—Harrison Shepherd finds precarious shelter but no sense of home on his thrilling odyssey. Life is whatever he learns from housekeepers who put him to work in the kitchen, errands he runs in the streets, and one fateful day, by mixing plaster for famed Mexican muralist Diego Rivera. He discovers a passion for Aztec history and meets the exotic, imperious artist Frida Kahlo, who will become his lifelong friend. When he goes to work for Lev Trotsky, an exiled political leader fighting for his life, Shepherd inadvertently casts his lot with art and revolution, newspaper headlines and howling gossip, and a risk of terrible violence. Meanwhile, to the north, the United States will soon be caught up in the internationalist goodwill of World War II. There in the land of his birth, Shepherd believes he might remake himself in America's hopeful image and claim a voice of his own. He finds support from an unlikely kindred soul, his stenographer, Mrs. Brown, who will be far more valuable to her employer than he could ever know. Through darkening years, political winds continue to toss him between north and south in a plot that turns many times on the unspeakable breach—the lacuna—between truth and public presumption. With deeply compelling characters, a vivid sense of place, and a clear grasp of how history and public opinion can shape a life, Barbara Kingsolver has created an unforgettable portrait of the artist—and of art itself. The Lacuna is a rich and daring work of literature, establishing its author as one of the most provocative and important of her time.",2009,Barbara Kingsolver,8179,66558,508,Fiction,3.80,[]
210,The Hour I First Believed,"Wally Lamb's two previous novels, She's Come Undone and I Know This Much Is True, struck a chord with readers. They responded to the intensely introspective nature of the books, and to their lively narrative styles and biting humor. In The Hour I First Believed, Lamb travels well beyond his earlier work and embodies in his fiction myth, psychology, family history stretching back many generations, and the questions of faith that lie at the heart of everyday life. The result is an extraordinary tour de force, at once a meditation on the human condition and an unflinching yet compassionate evocation of character.When forty-seven-year-old high school teacher Caelum Quirk and his younger wife, Maureen, a school nurse, move to Littleton, Colorado, they both get jobs at Columbine High School. In April 1999, Caelum returns home to Three Rivers, Connecticut, to be with his aunt who has just had a stroke. But Maureen finds herself in the school library at Columbine, cowering in a cabinet and expecting to be killed, as two vengeful students go on a carefully premeditated, murderous rampage. Miraculously she survives, but at a cost: she is unable to recover from the trauma. Caelum and Maureen flee Colorado and return to an illusion of safety at the Quirk family farm in Three Rivers. But the effects of chaos are not so easily put right, and further tragedy ensues. While Maureen fights to regain her sanity, Caelum discovers a cache of old diaries, letters, and newspaper clippings in an upstairs bedroom of his family's house. The colorful and intriguing story they recount spans five generations of Quirk family ancestors, from the Civil War era to Caelum's own troubled childhood. Piece by piece, Caelum reconstructs the lives of the women and men whose legacy he bears. Unimaginable secrets emerge; long-buried fear, anger, guilt, and grief rise to the surface. As Caelum grapples with unexpected and confounding revelations from the past, he also struggles to fashion a future out of the ashes of tragedy. His personal quest for meaning and faith becomes a mythic journey that is at the same time quintessentially contemporary -- and American.The Hour I First Believed is a profound and heart-rending work of fiction. Wally Lamb proves himself a virtuoso storyteller, assembling a variety of voices and an ensemble of characters rich enough to evoke all of humanity.",es. ,Wally Lamb,6704,61228,,Fiction,3.82,[]
211,Moloka'i,"Set in Hawai'i more than a century ago, this is the story of Rachel Kalama, a spirited seven-year-old Hawaiian girl, who dreams of visiting far-off lands like her father, a merchant seaman. Then one day a rose-colored mark appears on her skin, and those dreams are stolen from her. Taken from her home and family, Rachel is sent to Kalaupapa, the quarantined leprosy settlement on the island of Moloka'i. Here her life is supposed to end---but instead she discovers it is only just beginning.",2003,Alan Brennert,11221,123802,405,Historical Fiction,4.18,[]
212,Eldest,"Darkness falls…despair abounds…evil reigns…Eragon and his dragon, Saphira, have just saved the rebel state from destruction by the mighty forces of King Galbatorix, cruel ruler of the Empire. Now Eragon must travel to Ellesmera, land of the elves, for further training in the skills of the Dragon Rider. Ages 12+.Darkness falls…despair abounds…evil reigns…Eragon and his dragon, Saphira, have just saved the rebel state from destruction by the mighty forces of King Galbatorix, cruel ruler of the Empire. Now Eragon must travel to Ellesmera, land of the elves, for further training in the skills of the Dragon Rider: magic and swordsmanship. Soon he is on the journey of a lifetime, his eyes open to awe-inspring new places and people, his days filled with fresh adventure. But chaos and betrayal plague him at every turn, and nothing is what it seems. Before long, Eragon doesn't know whom he can trust.Meanwhile, his cousin Roran must fight a new battle–one that might put Eragon in even graver danger.Will the king's dark hand strangle all resistance? Eragon may not escape with even his life. . . .",2005,Christopher Paolini,10790,412948,704,Fantasy,4.02,[]
213,City of Lost Souls,"The New York Times bestselling Mortal Instruments continues—and so do the thrills and danger for Jace, Clary, and Simon.What price is too high to pay, even for love? When Jace and Clary meet again, Clary is horrified to discover that the demon Lilith’s magic has bound her beloved Jace together with her evil brother Sebastian, and that Jace has become a servant of evil. The Clave is out to destroy Sebastian, but there is no way to harm one boy without destroying the other. As Alec, Magnus, Simon, and Isabelle wheedle and bargain with Seelies, demons, and the merciless Iron Sisters to try to save Jace, Clary plays a dangerous game of her own. The price of losing is not just her own life, but Jace’s soul. She’s willing to do anything for Jace, but can she still trust him? Or is he truly lost?Love. Blood. Betrayal. Revenge. Darkness threatens to claim the Shadowhunters in the harrowing fifth book of the Mortal Instruments series.",2012,Cassandra Clare,23121,503679,535,Fantasy,4.23,[]
214,Fallen,"There’s something achingly familiar about Daniel Grigori.Mysterious and aloof, he captures Luce Price’s attention from the moment she sees him on her first day at the Sword & Cross boarding school in sultry Savannah, Georgia. He’s the one bright spot in a place where cell phones are forbidden, the other students are all screw-ups, and security cameras watch every move.Even though Daniel wants nothing to do with Luce—and goes out of his way to make that very clear—she can’t let it go. Drawn to him like a moth to a flame, she has to find out what Daniel is so desperate to keep secret… even if it kills her.",2009,Lauren Kate,21318,562696,452,Young Adult,3.72,[]
215,The Sense of an Ending,"By an acclaimed writer at the height of his powers, The Sense of an Ending extends a streak of extraordinary books that began with the best-selling Arthur & George and continued with Nothing to Be Frightened Of and, most recently, Pulse.  This intense novel follows a middle-aged man as he contends with a past he has never much thought about - until his closest childhood friends return with a vengeance, one of them from the grave, another maddeningly present. Tony Webster thought he'd left all this behind as he built a life for himself, and by now his marriage and family and career have fallen into an amicable divorce and retirement. But he is then presented with a mysterious legacy that obliges him to reconsider a variety of things he thought he'd understood all along, and to revise his estimation of his own nature and place in the world. A novel so compelling that it begs to be read in a single sitting, with stunning psychological and emotional depth and sophistication, The Sense of an Ending is a brilliant new chapter in Julian Barnes's oeuvre.",2011,Julian Barnes,17890,170758,150,Fiction,3.73,[]
216,Then We Came to the End,"This wickedly funny, big-hearted novel about life in the office signals the arrival of a gloriously talented new writer. The characters in Then We Came To The End cope with a business downturn in the time-honored way: through gossip, secret romance, elaborate pranks, and increasingly frequent coffee breaks. By day they compete for the best office furniture left behind and try to make sense of the mysterious pro-bono ad campaign that is their only remaining ""work.""",2007,Joshua Ferris,4929,34726,387,Fiction,3.46,[]
217,The Little Friend,"Bestselling author Donna Tartt returns with a grandly ambitious and utterly riveting novel of childhood, innocence and evil. The setting is Alexandria, Mississippi, where one Mother’s Day a little boy named Robin Cleve Dufresnes was found hanging from a tree in his parents’ yard. Twelve years later Robin’s murder is still unsolved and his family remains devastated. So it is that Robin’s sister Harriet - unnervingly bright, insufferably determined, and unduly influenced by the fiction of Kipling and Robert Louis Stevenson--sets out to unmask his killer. Aided only by her worshipful friend Hely, Harriet crosses her town’s rigid lines of race and caste and burrows deep into her family’s history of loss.",2002,Donna Tartt,6140,62585,624,Fiction,3.47,[]
218,A Long Way Gone,"The devastating story of war through the eyes of a child soldier. Beah tells how, at the age of twelve, he fled attacking rebels and wandered a land rendered unrecognizable by violence. By thirteen, he’d been picked up by the government army, and became a soldier.My new friends have begun to suspect I haven’t told them the full story of my life.“Why did you leave Sierra Leone?”“Because there is a war.”“You mean, you saw people running around with guns and shooting each other?”“Yes, all the time.”“Cool.”I smile a little.“You should tell us about it sometime.”“Yes, sometime.” This is how wars are fought now: by children, hopped-up on drugs and wielding AK-47s. Children have become soldiers of choice. In the more than fifty conflicts going on worldwide, it is estimated that there are some 300,000 child soldiers. Ishmael Beah used to be one of them. What is war like through the eyes of a child soldier? How does one become a killer? How does one stop? Child soldiers have been profiled by journalists, and novelists have struggled to imagine their lives. But until now, there has not been a first-person account from someone who came through this hell and survived.In A Long Way Gone, Beah, now twenty-five years old, tells a riveting story: how at the age of twelve, he fled attacking rebels and wandered a land rendered unrecognizable by violence. By thirteen, he’d been picked up by the government army, and Beah, at heart a gentle boy, found that he was capable of truly terrible acts. This is a rare and mesmerizing account, told with real literary force and heartbreaking honesty.",2007,Ishmael Beah,11663,181423,229,Nonfiction,4.15,[]
219,Assassination Vacation,"Sarah Vowell exposes the glorious conundrums of American history and culture with wit, probity, and an irreverent sense of humor. With Assassination Vacation, she takes us on a road trip like no other—a journey to the pit stops of American political murder and through the myriad ways they have been used for fun and profit, for political and cultural advantage.From Buffalo to Alaska, Washington to the Dry Tortugas, Vowell visits locations immortalized and influenced by the spilling of politically important blood, reporting as she goes with her trademark blend of wisecracking humor, remarkable honesty, and thought-provoking criticism. We learn about the jinx that was Robert Todd Lincoln (present at the assassinations of Presidents Lincoln, Garfield, and McKinley) and witness the politicking that went into the making of the Lincoln Memorial. The resulting narrative is much more than an entertaining and informative travelogue—it is the disturbing and fascinating story of how American death has been manipulated by popular culture, including literature, architecture, sculpture, and—the author's favorite— historical tourism. Though the themes of loss and violence are explored and we make detours to see how the Republican Party became the Republican Party, there are all kinds of lighter diversions along the way into the lives of the three presidents and their assassins, including mummies, show tunes, mean-spirited totem poles, and a nineteenth-century biblical sex cult.",2005,Sarah Vowell,4015,46119,258,Nonfiction,3.93,[]
220,The Summoning,"Chloe Saunders used to have a relatively normal life.But now she finds herself in the middle of some really strange situations because:~She suddenly starts seeing dead people.~She gets locked up in a group home for unstable teens.~The group home isn't what it seems. My name is Chloe Saunders and my life will never be the same again.All I wanted was to make friends, meet boys, and keep on being ordinary. I don't even know what that means anymore. It all started on the day that I saw my first ghost—and the ghost saw me.Now there are ghosts everywhere and they won't leave me alone. To top it all off, I somehow got myself locked up in Lyle House, a ""special home"" for troubled teens. Yet the home isn't what it seems. Don't tell anyone, but I think there might be more to my housemates than meets the eye. The question is, whose side are they on? It's up to me to figure out the dangerous secrets behind Lyle House... before its skeletons come back to haunt me.",2008,Kelley Armstrong,6557,168085,390,Young Adult,4.02,[]
221,Still Alice,"Still Alice is a compelling debut novel about a 50-year-old woman's sudden descent into early onset Alzheimer's disease, written by first-time author Lisa Genova, who holds a Ph. D in neuroscience from Harvard University. Alice Howland, happily married with three grown children and a house on the Cape, is a celebrated Harvard professor at the height of her career when she notices a forgetfulness creeping into her life. As confusion starts to cloud her thinking and her memory begins to fail her, she receives a devastating diagnosis: early onset Alzheimer's disease. Fiercely independent, Alice struggles to maintain her lifestyle and live in the moment, even as her sense of self is being stripped away. In turns heartbreaking, inspiring and terrifying, Still Alice captures in remarkable detail what's it's like to literally lose your mind...",2007,Lisa Genova,29446,328929,292,Fiction,4.32,[]
222,The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants,"Carmen got the jeans at a thrift shop. They didn’t look all that great: they were worn, dirty, and speckled with bleach. On the night before she and her friends part for the summer, Carmen decides to toss them. But Tibby says they’re great. She'd love to have them. Lena and Bridget also think they’re fabulous. Lena decides that they should all try them on. Whoever they fit best will get them. Nobody knows why, but the pants fit everyone perfectly. Even Carmen (who never thinks she looks good in anything) thinks she looks good in the pants. Over a few bags of cheese puffs, they decide to form a sisterhood and take the vow of the Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants . . . the next morning, they say good-bye. And then the journey of the pants — and the most memorable summer of their lives — begins.",2001,Ann Brashares,8121,682213,294,Young Adult,3.83,[]
223,Shiver,"For years, Grace has watched the wolves in the woods behind her house. One yellow-eyed wolf—her wolf—is a chilling presence she can't seem to live without.Meanwhile, Sam has lived two lives: In winter, the frozen woods, the protection of the pack, and the silent company of a fearless girl. In summer, a few precious months of being human… until the cold makes him shift back again.Now, Grace meets a yellow-eyed boy whose familiarity takes her breath away. It's her wolf. It has to be. But as winter nears, Sam must fight to stay human—or risk losing himself, and Grace, forever.",2009,Maggie Stiefvater,24324,468832,392,Young Adult,3.76,[]
224,Deception Point,"A shocking scientific discovery. A conspiracy of staggering brilliance. A thriller unlike any you've ever read....When a NASA satellite discovers an astonishingly rare object buried deep in the Arctic ice, the floundering space agency proclaims a much-needed victory—a victory with profound implications for NASA policy and the impending presidential election. To verify the authenticity of the find, the White House calls upon the skills of intelligence analyst Rachel Sexton. Accompanied by a team of experts, including the charismatic scholar Michael Tolland, Rachel travels to the Arctic and uncovers the unthinkable: evidence of scientific trickery—a bold deception that threatens to plunge the world into controversy. But before she can warn the President, Rachel and Michael are ambushed by a deadly team of assassins. Fleeing for their lives across a desolate and lethal landscape, their only hope for survival is to discover who is behind this masterful plot. The truth, they will learn, is the most shocking deception of all.",2001,Dan Brown,10564,648376,556,Fiction,3.74,[]
225,Bring Up the Bodies,"Alternate Cover Edition ISBN 0805090037 (ISBN13: 9780805090031)Though he battled for years to marry her, Henry VIII has become disenchanted with the audacious Anne Boleyn. She has failed to give him a son, and her sharp intelligence and strong will have alienated his old friends and the noble families of England.When the discarded Katherine, Henry's first wife, dies in exile from the court, Anne stands starkly exposed, the focus of gossip and malice, setting in motion a dramatic trial of the queen and her suitors for adultery and treason. At a word from Henry, Thomas Cromwell is ready to bring her down. Over a few terrifying weeks, Anne is ensnared in a web of conspiracy, while the demure Jane Seymour stands waiting her turn for the poisoned wedding ring. But Anne and her powerful family will not yield without a ferocious struggle. To defeat the Boleyns, Cromwell must ally himself with his enemies. What price will he pay for Annie's head?",2012,Hilary Mantel,8612,90402,412,Historical Fiction,4.28,[]
226,A Little Life,"When four classmates from a small Massachusetts college move to New York to make their way, they're broke, adrift, and buoyed only by their friendship and ambition. There is kind, handsome Willem, an aspiring actor; JB, a quick-witted, sometimes cruel Brooklyn-born painter seeking entry to the art world; Malcolm, a frustrated architect at a prominent firm; and withdrawn, brilliant, enigmatic Jude, who serves as their center of gravity. Over the decades, their relationships deepen and darken, tinged by addiction, success, and pride. Yet their greatest challenge, each comes to realize, is Jude himself, by midlife a terrifyingly talented litigator yet an increasingly broken man, his mind and body scarred by an unspeakable childhood, and haunted by what he fears is a degree of trauma that he’ll not only be unable to overcome—but that will define his life forever.",2015,Hanya Yanagihara,68386,438262,720,Fiction,4.34,[]
227,P.S. I Love You,"A novel about holding on, letting go, and learning to love again.Now in paperback, the endearing novel that captured readers' hearts and introduced a fresh new voice in women's fiction Cecelia Ahern. Holly couldn't live without her husband Gerry, until the day she had to. They were the kind of young couple who could finish each other's sentences. When Gerry succumbs to a terminal illness and dies, 30-year-old Holly is set adrift, unable to pick up the pieces. But with the help of a series of letters her husband left her before he died and a little nudging from an eccentric assortment of family and friends, she learns to laugh, overcome her fears, and discover a world she never knew existed. The kind of enchanting novel with cross-generational appeal that comes along once in a great while, PS, I Love You is a captivating love letter to the world!",ern.,Cecelia Ahern,9466,370660,,Romance,4.03,[]
228,The Gargoyle,"The narrator of The Gargoyle is a very contemporary cynic, physically beautiful and sexually adept, who dwells in the moral vacuum that is modern life. As the book opens, he is driving along a dark road when he is distracted by what seems to be a flight of arrows. He crashes into a ravine and suffers horrible burns over much of his body. As he recovers in a burn ward, undergoing the tortures of the damned, he awaits the day when he can leave the hospital and commit carefully planned suicide—for he is now a monster in appearance as well as in soul. A beautiful and compelling, but clearly unhinged, sculptress of gargoyles by the name of Marianne Engel appears at the foot of his bed and insists that they were once lovers in medieval Germany. In her telling, he was a badly injured mercenary and she was a nun and scribe in the famed monastery of Engelthal who nursed him back to health. As she spins their tale in Scheherazade fashion and relates equally mesmerizing stories of deathless love in Japan, Iceland, Italy, and England, he finds himself drawn back to life—and, finally, in love.He is released into Marianne's care and takes up residence in her huge stone house. But all is not well. For one thing, the pull of his past sins becomes ever more powerful as the morphine he is prescribed becomes ever more addictive. For another, Marianne receives word from God that she has only twenty-seven sculptures left to complete—and her time on earth will be finished.",2008,Andrew  Davidson,5804,47912,468,Fiction,3.96,[]
229,I Am Number Four,"Nine of us came here. We look like you. We talk like you. We live among you. But we are not you. We can do things you dream of doing. We have powers you dream of having. We are stronger and faster than anything you have ever seen. We are the superheroes you worship in movies and comic books--but we are real.Our plan was to grow, and train, and become strong, and become one, and fight them. But they found us and started hunting us first. Now all of us are running. Spending our lives in shadows, in places where no one would look, blending in. We have lived among you without you knowing.But they know.They caught Number One in Malaysia.Number Two in England.And Number Three in Kenya.They killed them all.I am Number Four.I am next.",2010,Pittacus Lore,16574,334402,440,Young Adult,3.94,[]
230,In the Woods,"As dusk approaches a small Dublin suburb in the summer of 1984, mothers begin to call their children home. But on this warm evening, three children do not return from the dark and silent woods. When the police arrive, they find only one of the children gripping a tree trunk in terror, wearing blood-filled sneakers, and unable to recall a single detail of the previous hours.Twenty years later, the found boy, Rob Ryan, is a detective on the Dublin Murder Squad and keeps his past a secret. But when a twelve-year-old girl is found murdered in the same woods, he and Detective Cassie Maddox—his partner and closest friend—find themselves investigating a case chillingly similar to the previous unsolved mystery. Now, with only snippets of long-buried memories to guide him, Ryan has the chance to uncover both the mystery of the case before him and that of his own shadowy past.",2007,Tana French,25948,374794,429,Mystery,3.78,[]
231,The Nanny Diaries,"Wanted: One young woman to take care of four-year-old boy. Must be cheerful, enthusiastic and selfless--bordering on masochistic. Must relish sixteen-hour shifts with a deliberately nap-deprived preschooler. Must love getting thrown up on, literally and figuratively, by everyone in his family. Must enjoy the delicious anticipation of ridiculously erratic pay. Mostly, must love being treated like fungus found growing out of employers Hermès bag. Those who take it personally need not apply. Who wouldn't want this job? Struggling to graduate from NYU and afford her microscopic studio apartment, Nanny takes a position caring for the only son of the wealthy X family. She rapidly learns the insane amount of juggling involved to ensure that a Park Avenue wife who doesn't work, cook, clean, or raise her own child has a smooth day. When the X's' marriage begins to disintegrate, Nanny ends up involved way beyond the bounds of human decency or good taste. Her tenure with the X family becomes a nearly impossible mission to maintain the mental health of their four-year-old, her own integrity and, most importantly, her sense of humor. Over nine tense months, Mrs. X and Nanny perform the age-old dance of decorum and power as they test the limits of modern-day servitude. Written by two former nannies, The Nanny Diaries deftly punctures the glamour of Manhattan's upper class.",2002,Emma McLaughlin,5454,376691,306,Fiction,3.45,[]
232,Vernon God Little,"Named as one of the 100 Best Things in the World by GQ magazine in 2003, the riotous adventures of Vernon Gregory Little in small town Texas and beachfront Mexico mark one of the most spectacular, irreverent and bizarre debuts of the twenty-first century so far. Its depiction of innocence and simple humanity (all seasoned with a dash of dysfunctional profanity) in an evil world is never less than astonishing. The only novel to be set in the barbecue sauce capital of Central Texas, Vernon God Little suggests that desperate times throw up the most unlikely of heroes.",2003,D.B.C. Pierre,1526,31680,279,Fiction,3.60,[]
233,Dewey,"How much of an impact can an animal have? How many lives can one cat touch? How is it possible for an abandoned kitten to transform a small library, save a classic American town, and eventually become famous around the world? You can't even begin to answer those questions until you hear the charming story of Dewey Readmore Books, the beloved library cat of Spencer, Iowa.Dewey's story starts in the worst possible way. Only a few weeks old, on the coldest night of the year, he was stuffed into the returned book slot at the Spencer Public Library. He was found the next working by library director Vicki Myron, a single mother who had survived the loss of her family farm, a breast cancer scare, and an alcoholic husband. Dewey won her heart, and the hearts of the staff, by pulling himself up and hobbling on frostbitten feet to nudge each of hem in a gesture of thanks and love. For the next nineteen years, he never stopped charming the people of Spencer with this enthusiasm, warmth, humility (for a cat), and, above all, his sixth sense about who needed him most.As his fame grew from town to town, then state to state, and finally, amazingly, worldwide, Dewey became more than just a friend; he became a source of pride for an extraordinary Heartland farming town pulling its way slowly back from the greatest crisis in its long history.",2008,Vicki Myron,6507,58899,277,Nonfiction,3.86,[]
234,The Way of Kings,"From #1 New York Times bestselling author Brandon Sanderson, The Way of Kings, book one of The Stormlight Archive begins an incredible new saga of epic proportion.Roshar is a world of stone and storms. Uncanny tempests of incredible power sweep across the rocky terrain so frequently that they have shaped ecology and civilization alike. Animals hide in shells, trees pull in branches, and grass retracts into the soilless ground. Cities are built only where the topography offers shelter.It has been centuries since the fall of the ten consecrated orders known as the Knights Radiant, but their Shardblades and Shardplate remain: mystical swords and suits of armor that transform ordinary men into near-invincible warriors. Men trade kingdoms for Shardblades. Wars were fought for them, and won by them.One such war rages on a ruined landscape called the Shattered Plains. There, Kaladin, who traded his medical apprenticeship for a spear to protect his little brother, has been reduced to slavery. In a war that makes no sense, where ten armies fight separately against a single foe, he struggles to save his men and to fathom the leaders who consider them expendable.Brightlord Dalinar Kholin commands one of those other armies. Like his brother, the late king, he is fascinated by an ancient text called The Way of Kings. Troubled by over-powering visions of ancient times and the Knights Radiant, he has begun to doubt his own sanity.Across the ocean, an untried young woman named Shallan seeks to train under an eminent scholar and notorious heretic, Dalinar's niece, Jasnah. Though she genuinely loves learning, Shallan's motives are less than pure. As she plans a daring theft, her research for Jasnah hints at secrets of the Knights Radiant and the true cause of the war.The result of over ten years of planning, writing, and world-building, The Way of Kings is but the opening movement of the Stormlight Archive, a bold masterpiece in the making.Speak again the ancient oaths:Life before death.Strength before weakness.Journey before Destination.and return to men the Shards they once bore.The Knights Radiant must stand again.",2010,Brandon Sanderson,29154,419496,1007,Fantasy,4.65,[]
235,Dead to the World,"Sookie Stackhouse is a cocktail waitress in Bon Temps, Louisiana. She has only a few close friends, because not everyone appreciates Sookie’s gift: she can read minds. That’s not exactly every man’s idea of date bait – unless they’re undead; vampires and the like can be tough to read. And that’s just the kind of guy Sookie’s been looking for. Maybe that’s why, when she comes across a naked vampire, she doesn’t just drive on by. He hasn’t got a clue who he is, but Sookie has: Eric looks just as scary and sexy – and dead – as ever. But now he has amnesia, he’s sweet, vulnerable, and in need of Sookie’s help – because whoever took his memory now wants his life.",2004,Charlaine Harris,6032,253642,291,Fantasy,4.12,[]
236,March,"Winner of the 2006 Pulitzer Prize for Fiction.From the author of the acclaimed Year of Wonders, a historical novel and love story set during a time of catastrophe, on the front lines of the American Civil War. Acclaimed author Geraldine Brooks gives us the story of the absent father from Louisa May Alcott's Little Women—and conjures a world of brutality, stubborn courage and transcendent love. An idealistic abolitionist, March has gone as chaplain to serve the Union cause. But the war tests his faith not only in the Union—which is also capable of barbarism and racism—but in himself. As he recovers from a near-fatal illness, March must reassemble and reconnect with his family, who have no idea of what he has endured. A love story set in a time of catastrophe, March explores the passions between a man and a woman, the tenderness of parent and child, and the life-changing power of an ardently held belief.",2005,Geraldine Brooks,6546,63784,280,Historical Fiction,3.78,[]
237,Beautiful Creatures,"Lena Duchannes is unlike anyone the small Southern town of Gatlin has ever seen, and she's struggling to conceal her power, and a curse that has haunted her family for generations. But even within the overgrown gardens, murky swamps and crumbling graveyards of the forgotten South, a secret cannot stay hidden forever.Ethan Wate, who has been counting the months until he can escape from Gatlin, is haunted by dreams of a beautiful girl he has never met. When Lena moves into the town's oldest and most infamous plantation, Ethan is inexplicably drawn to her and determined to uncover the connection between them.In a town with no surprises, one secret could change everything.",2009,Kami Garcia,22743,583255,563,Fantasy,3.77,[]
238,The 100-Year-Old Man Who Climbed Out the Window and Disappeared,"After a long and eventful life, Allan Karlsson ends up in a nursing home, believing it to be his last stop. The only problem is that he’s still in good health. A big celebration is in the works for his 100th birthday, but Allan really isn’t interested (and he’d like a bit more control over his alcohol consumption), so he decides to escape. He climbs out the window in his slippers and embarks on a hilarious and entirely unexpected journey. It would be the adventure of a lifetime for anyone else, but Allan has a larger-than-life backstory: he has not only witnessed some of the most important events of the 20th century, but actually played a key role in them. Quirky and utterly unique, The 100-Year-Old Man Who Climbed Out the Window and Disappeared has charmed readers across the world.",2009,Jonas Jonasson,26771,259170,396,Fiction,3.82,[]
239,City of Thieves,"During the Nazis’ brutal siege of Leningrad, Lev Beniov is arrested for looting and thrown into the same cell as a handsome deserter named Kolya. Instead of being executed, Lev and Kolya are given a shot at saving their own lives by complying with an outrageous directive: secure a dozen eggs for a powerful Soviet colonel to use in his daughter’s wedding cake. In a city cut off from all supplies and suffering unbelievable deprivation, Lev and Kolya embark on a hunt through the dire lawlessness of Leningrad and behind enemy lines to find the impossible.By turns insightful and funny, thrilling and terrifying, City of Thieves is a gripping, cinematic World War II adventure and an intimate coming-of-age story with an utterly contemporary feel for how boys become men.",2008,David Benioff,13236,139832,258,Historical Fiction,4.28,[]
240,Out Stealing Horses,"We were going out stealing horses. That was what he said, standing at the door to the cabin where I was spending the summer with my father. I was fifteen. It was 1948 and one of the first days of July.Trond’s friend Jon often appeared at his doorstep with an adventure in mind for the two of them. But this morning would turn out to be different. What began as a joy ride on “borrowed” horses ends with Jon falling into a strange trance of grief. Trond soon learns what befell Jon earlier that day—an incident that marks the beginning of a series of vital losses for both boys. Set in the easternmost region of Norway, Out Stealing Horses begins with an ending. Sixty-seven-year-old Trond has settled into a rustic cabin in an isolated area to live the rest of his life with a quiet deliberation. A meeting with his only neighbor, however, forces him to reflect on that fateful summer.",2003,Per Petterson,4521,33876,258,Fiction,3.80,[]
241,I Am America,"Congratulations--just by opening the cover of this book you became 25% more patriotic.From Stephen Colbert, the host of television's highest-rated punditry show The Colbert Report, comes the book to fill the other 23½ hours of your day. I Am America (And So Can You!) contains all of the opinions that Stephen doesn't have time to shoehorn into his nightly broadcast.Dictated directly into a microcassette recorder over a three-day weekend, this book contains Stephen's most deeply held knee-jerk beliefs on The American Family, Race, Religion, Sex, Sports, and many more topics, conveniently arranged in chapter form.Always controversial and outspoken, Stephen addresses why Hollywood is destroying America by inches, why evolution is a fraud, and why the elderly should be harnessed to millstones.You may not agree with everything Stephen says, but at the very least, you'll understand that your differing opinion is wrong.I Am America (And So Can You!) showcases Stephen Colbert at his most eloquent and impassioned. He is an unrelenting fighter for the soul of America, and in this book he fights the good fight for the traditional values that have served this country so well for so long.Please buy this book before you leave the store.About the AuthorStephen Colbert is America.Description from book jacket",2007,Stephen Colbert,3534,81557,230,Nonfiction,3.89,[]
242,1776,"In this masterful book, David McCullough tells the intensely human story of those who marched with General George Washington in the year of the Declaration of Independence - when the whole American cause was riding on their success, without which all hope for independence would have been dashed and the noble ideals of the Declaration would have amounted to little more than words on paper.Based on extensive research in both American and British archives, 1776 is a powerful drama written with extraordinary narrative vitality. It is the story of Americans in the ranks, men of every shape, size, and color, farmers, schoolteachers, shoemakers, no-accounts, and mere boys turned soldiers. And it is the story of the King's men, the British commander, William Howe, an his highly disciplined redcoats who looked on their rebel foes with contempt and fought with a valor too little known.At the center of the drama, with Washington, are two young American patriots, who, at first, knew no more of war than what they had read in books - Nathaniel Green, a Quaker who was made a general at thirty-three, and Henry Knox, a twenty-five-year-old bookseller who had the preposterous idea of hauling the guns of Fort Ticonderoga overland to Boston in the dead of Winter.But it is the American commander-in-chief who stands foremost - Washington, who had never before led an army in battle. Written as a companion work to his celebrated biography of John Adams, David McCullough's 1776 is another landmark in the literature of American history.",2005,David McCullough,8098,219443,386,History,4.08,[]
243,Daughter of Smoke & Bone,"Around the world, black hand prints are appearing on doorways, scorched there by winged strangers who have crept through a slit in the sky.In a dark and dusty shop, a devil’s supply of human teeth grows dangerously low.And in the tangled lanes of Prague, a young art student is about to be caught up in a brutal otherworldly war.Meet Karou. She fills her sketchbooks with monsters that may or may not be real, she’s prone to disappearing on mysterious ""errands"", she speaks many languages - not all of them human - and her bright blue hair actually grows out of her head that color. Who is she? That is the question that haunts her, and she’s about to find out.When beautiful, haunted Akiva fixes fiery eyes on her in an alley in Marrakesh, the result is blood and starlight, secrets unveiled, and a star-crossed love whose roots drink deep of a violent past. But will Karou live to regret learning the truth about herself?",2011,Laini Taylor,32834,355966,418,Fantasy,4.00,[]
244,Shanghai Girls,"Pearl and May are sisters, living carefree lives in Shanghai, the Paris of Asia. But when Japanese bombs fall on their beloved city, they set out on the journey of a lifetime, one that will take them through the Chinese countryside, in and out of the clutch of brutal soldiers, and across the Pacific to the shores of America.In 1937, Shanghai is the Paris of Asia, a city of great wealth and glamour, the home of millionaires and beggars, gangsters and gamblers, patriots and revolutionaries, artists and warlords. Thanks to the financial security and material comforts provided by their father’s prosperous rickshaw business, twenty-one-year-old Pearl Chin and her younger sister, May, are having the time of their lives. Though both sisters wave off authority and tradition, they couldn’t be more different: Pearl is a Dragon sign, strong and stubborn, while May is a true Sheep, adorable and placid. Both are beautiful, modern, and carefree . . . until the day their father tells them that he has gambled away their wealth and that in order to repay his debts he must sell the girls as wives to suitors who have traveled from California to find Chinese brides. As Japanese bombs fall on their beloved city, Pearl and May set out on the journey of a lifetime, one that will take them through the Chinese countryside, in and out of the clutch of brutal soldiers, and across the Pacific to the shores of America. In Los Angeles they begin a fresh chapter, trying to find love with the strangers they have married, brushing against the seduction of Hollywood, and striving to embrace American life even as they fight against discrimination, brave Communist witch hunts, and find themselves hemmed in by Chinatown’s old ways and rules.",2009,Lisa See,10292,149909,309,Historical Fiction,3.91,[]
245,The Fiery Cross,"The year is 1771, and war is coming. Jamie Fraser’s wife tells him so. Little as he wishes to, he must believe it, for hers is a gift of dreadful prophecy—a time-traveler’s certain knowledge. Claire’s unique view of the future has brought him both danger and deliverance in the past; her knowledge of the oncoming revolution is a flickering torch that may light his way through the perilous years ahead—or ignite a conflagration that will leave their lives in ashes.",2001,Diana Gabaldon,8425,199248,1443,Historical Fiction,4.25,[]
246,The Son of Neptune,"PERCY IS CONFUSED. When he awoke from his long sleep, he didn't know much more than his name. His brain fuzz is lingering, even after the wolf Lupa told him he is a demigod and trained him to fight with the pen/sword in his pocket. Somehow Percy manages to make it to a camp for half-bloods, despite the fact that he has to keep killing monsters along the way. But the camp doesn't ring any bells with him. The only thing he can recall from his past is another name: Annabeth. HAZEL IS SUPPOSED TO BE DEAD. When she lived before, she didn't do a very good job of it. Sure, she was an obedient daughter, even when her mother was possessed by greed. But that was the problem—when the Voice took over her mother and commanded Hazel to use her ""gift"" for an evil purpose, Hazel couldn't say no. Now because of her mistake, the future of the world is at risk. Hazel wishes she could ride away from it all on the stallion that appears in her dreams.FRANK IS A KLUTZ. His grandmother says he is descended from heroes and can be anything he wants to be, but he doesn't see it. He doesn't even know who his father is. He keeps hoping Apollo will claim him, because the only thing he is good at is archery—although not good enough to win camp war games. His bulky physique makes him feel like an ox, especially in front of Hazel, his closest friend at camp. He trusts her completely—enough to share the secret he holds close to his heart.Beginning at the ""other"" camp for half-bloods and extending as far as the land beyond the gods, this breathtaking second installment of the Heroes of Olympus series introduces new demigods, revives fearsome monsters, and features other remarkable creatures, all destined to play a part in the Prophesy of Seven.",2011,Rick Riordan,20570,528815,521,Fantasy,4.42,[]
247,The Hate U Give,"An alternate cover edition of ISBN 9780062498533 can be found here.Sixteen-year-old Starr Carter moves between two worlds: the poor neighborhood where she lives and the fancy suburban prep school she attends. The uneasy balance between these worlds is shattered when Starr witnesses the fatal shooting of her childhood best friend Khalil at the hands of a police officer. Khalil was unarmed.Soon afterward, his death is a national headline. Some are calling him a thug, maybe even a drug dealer and a gangbanger. Protesters are taking to the streets in Khalil’s name. Some cops and the local drug lord try to intimidate Starr and her family. What everyone wants to know is: what really went down that night? And the only person alive who can answer that is Starr.But what Starr does—or does not—say could upend her community. It could also endanger her life.Inspired by the Black Lives Matter movement, this is a powerful and gripping YA novel about one girl's struggle for justice.",2017,Angie Thomas,72070,803637,454,Young Adult,4.49,[]
248,Eleanor & Park,"“Bono met his wife in high school,” Park says.“So did Jerry Lee Lewis,” Eleanor answers.“I’m not kidding,” he says.“You should be,” she says, “we’re 16.”“What about Romeo and Juliet?”“Shallow, confused, then dead.”“I love you,” Park says.“Wherefore art thou,” Eleanor answers.“I’m not kidding,” he says.“You should be.”Set over one school year in 1986, Eleanor & Park is the story of two star-crossed misfits – smart enough to know first love almost never lasts, but brave and desperate enough to try.",2012,Rainbow Rowell,75019,1102783,328,Young Adult,3.96,[]
249,The Thousand Autumns of Jacob de Zoet,"The year is 1799, the place Dejima in Nagasaki Harbor, the “high-walled, fan-shaped artificial island” that is the Japanese Empire’s single port and sole window onto the world, designed to keep the West at bay; the farthest outpost of the war-ravaged Dutch East Indies Company; and a de facto prison for the dozen foreigners permitted to live and work there. To this place of devious merchants, deceitful interpreters, costly courtesans, earthquakes, and typhoons comes Jacob de Zoet, a devout and resourceful young clerk who has five years in the East to earn a fortune of sufficient size to win the hand of his wealthy fiancée back in Holland.But Jacob’s original intentions are eclipsed after a chance encounter with Orito Aibagawa, the disfigured daughter of a samurai doctor and midwife to the city’s powerful magistrate. The borders between propriety, profit, and pleasure blur until Jacob finds his vision clouded, one rash promise made and then fatefully broken. The consequences will extend beyond Jacob’s worst imaginings. As one cynical colleague asks, “Who ain’t a gambler in the glorious Orient, with his very life?”A magnificent mix of luminous writing, prodigious research, and heedless imagination, The Thousand Autumns of Jacob de Zoet is the most impressive achievement of its eminent author.",2010,David Mitchell,6485,62005,479,Fiction,4.02,[]
250,Collapse,"Brilliant, illuminating, and immensely absorbing, Collapse is destined to take its place as one of the essential books of our time, raising the urgent question: How can our world best avoid committing ecological suicide?In his million-copy bestseller Guns, Germs, and Steel, Jared Diamond examined how and why Western civilizations developed the technologies and immunities that allowed them to dominate much of the world. Now in this brilliant companion volume, Diamond probes the other side of the equation: What caused some of the great civilizations of the past to collapse into ruin, and what can we learn from their fates?As in Guns, Germs, and Steel, Diamond weaves an all-encompassing global thesis through a series of fascinating historical-cultural narratives. Moving from the Polynesian cultures on Easter Island to the flourishing American civilizations of the Anasazi and the Maya and finally to the doomed Viking colony on Greenland, Diamond traces the fundamental pattern of catastrophe. Environmental damage, climate change, rapid population growth, and unwise political choices were all factors in the demise of these societies, but other societies found solutions and persisted. Similar problems face us today and have already brought disaster to Rwanda and Haiti, even as China and Australia are trying to cope in innovative ways. Despite our own society's apparently inexhaustible wealth and unrivaled political power, ominous warning signs have begun to emerge even in ecologically robust areas like Montana.Brilliant, illuminating, and immensely absorbing, Collapse is destined to take its place as one of the essential books of our time, raising the urgent question: How can our world best avoid committing ecological suicide?",2004,Jared Diamond,3628,69181,608,History,3.93,[]
251,Crossing the Seas,"About the book (A teaser) ""Crossing the Seas: A Diary of My Thoughts"" ""We can forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light."" -- Plato ""A dream you dream alone is only a dream. A dream you dream together is reality."" ---John Lennon "" Reason and judgment are the qualities of a leader. "" - Tacitus As long as you are alive, and I am alive, our dreams will remain alive. Even after Dr. Martin Luther King was shot, his dreams are still alive and have been passed to the next generation to pursue freedom, democracy, equality, justice, peace, and prosperity. Thanks to his wake-up call and pains-taking efforts, modern society is much more open-minded and tolerant towards differences. A good leader should be a good reader; A good reader can become a good leader. Reading minds can be as challenging as reading books. This book documents my book reading experience and my reflections upon politics, education, psychology, communication, religion, and philosophy...etc. as well as my mind reading experience. It is a collection of my posts on my blog and on Facebook, where I have been sharing my thoughts and interacting with top political and business leaders, celebrities, and scholars in America, Europe, and Asia, implicitly and explicitly during the past two years (Sept.2010 through Sept.2012). It is possible that my Facebook posts might have inspired lots of creative celebrities who produced stunning songs, movies, and TV shows. Here are some songs: ""Born this way,"" ""The Edge of Glory,"" ""Hair,"" ""You and I,"" ""Government Hooker,"" ""Princess Die,""""Princess High,"" ""So Happy I Could Die,"" ""Bloody Mary,"" ""Highway Unicorn""--- by Lady Gaga ""I Love You This Big"" by Scotty McCreery, American Idol 2011 winner ""Brighter Than the Sun"" by Colbie Caillat ""I Wanna Go"" by Brittney Spears ""Options"" by Gomez ""Firework"" by Katy Perry ""Love You Like a Love Song"" by Selina Gomez ""Year of 4"" by Beyonce ""Princess of China"" by Coldplay ""International Love"" by Pit Bull ""Mr. Know-It-All,"" ""Stronger"" by Kelly Clarkson ""Mr. President "" by Coco Jambo WE CAN BE ANYTHING by Apl.de.ap ""I Am Your Leader"" by Nicki Minaj ""Triumph"" by Mariah Carey ""Give Your Heart A Break,"" ""Sky Scraper"" by Demi Lovato ""My Hair Song"" by Rhett & Link "" There's A Place For Us"" by Carrie Underwood ""One Thing,"" ""Take Me Home"" by One Direction ""Let Go,"" ""Chasing Satellite"" by Tomas Fiss ""Rolling in the Deep"" by Adele ""Your Body"" by Christina Aguilera ""Somebody to Love""""Turn to You"" ""As Long as You Love Me"" ""Believe""""Boyfriend"" ""Dr.Bieber"" by Justin Bieber ...among others. Movies and TV shows: The King's Speech, The Master, Magic Mike, Dr. Who, The Who, The Paper Boy, Killing Them Softly, Captain America, Captain China, Captain Planet, The Dictator, The Hunger Game, The Man with Iron Fists, A Gifted Man, Think Like a Man, Master Class, Big Brother, Under-Covered Boss, Train the Dragon...and so forth. Others: Tedx, SpaceX, MITx, HarvardX, Milk X... It feels good to be approved, appreciated, and accepted by so many intelligent people. I hope to reach out to more people and make more connections, which are vital.",2012,Yuehai Xiao,29,2131,328,Nonfiction,3.54,[]
252,The Mark of Athena,"Annabeth is terrified. Just when she's about to be reunited with Percy—after six months of being apart, thanks to Hera—it looks like Camp Jupiter is preparing for war. As Annabeth and her friends Jason, Piper, and Leo fly in on the Argo II, she can't blame the Roman demigods for thinking the ship is a Greek weapon. With its steaming bronze dragon figurehead, Leo's fantastical creation doesn't appear friendly. Annabeth hopes that the sight of their praetor Jason on deck will reassure the Romans that the visitors from Camp Half-Blood are coming in peace.And that's only one of her worries. In her pocket, Annabeth carries a gift from her mother that came with an unnerving command: Follow the Mark of Athena. Avenge me. Annabeth already feels weighed down by the prophecy that will send seven demigods on a quest to find—and close—the Doors of Death. What more does Athena want from her?Annabeth's biggest fear, though, is that Percy might have changed. What if he's now attached to Roman ways? Does he still need his old friends? As the daughter of the goddess of war and wisdom, Annabeth knows she was born to be a leader—but never again does she want to be without Seaweed Brain by her sideNarrated by four different demigods, The Mark of Athena is an unforgettable journey across land and sea to Rome, where important discoveries, surprising sacrifices, and unspeakable horrors await. Climb aboard the Argo II, if you dare. . . .",2012,Rick Riordan,21571,545520,586,Fantasy,4.47,[]
253,A Breath of Snow and Ashes,"A Breath of Snow and Ashes continues the extraordinary story of 18th-century Scotsman Jamie Fraser and his 20th-century wife, Claire.The year is 1772, and on the eve of the American Revolution, the long fuse of rebellion has already been lit. Men lie dead in the streets of Boston, and in the backwoods of North Carolina, isolated cabins burn in the forest.With chaos brewing, the governor calls upon Jamie Fraser to unite the backcountry and safeguard the colony for King and Crown. But from his wife Jamie knows that three years hence the shot heard round the world will be fired, and the result will be independence — with those loyal to the King either dead or in exile. And there is also the matter of a tiny clipping from The Wilmington Gazette, dated 1776, which reports Jamie’s death, along with his kin. For once, he hopes, his time-traveling family may be wrong about the future.",2005,Diana Gabaldon,6556,167447,980,Historical Fiction,4.43,[]
254,Loving Frank,"I have been standing on the side of life, watching it float by. I want to swim in the river. I want to feel the current.So writes Mamah Borthwick Cheney in her diary as she struggles to justify her clandestine love affair with Frank Lloyd Wright. Four years earlier, in 1903, Mamah and her husband, Edwin, had commissioned the renowned architect to design a new home for them. During the construction of the house, a powerful attraction developed between Mamah and Frank, and in time the lovers, each married with children, embarked on a course that would shock Chicago society and forever change their lives. In this ambitious debut novel, fact and fiction blend together brilliantly. While scholars have largely relegated Mamah to a footnote in the life of America’s greatest architect, author Nancy Horan gives full weight to their dramatic love story and illuminates Cheney’s profound influence on Wright. Drawing on years of research, Horan weaves little-known facts into a compelling narrative, vividly portraying the conflicts and struggles of a woman forced to choose between the roles of mother, wife, lover, and intellectual. Horan’s Mamah is a woman seeking to find her own place, her own creative calling in the world. Mamah’s is an unforgettable journey marked by choices that reshape her notions of love and responsibility, leading inexorably ultimately lead to this novel’s stunning conclusion. Elegantly written and remarkably rich in detail, Loving Frank is a fitting tribute to a courageous woman, a national icon, and their timeless love story.",2007,Nancy Horan,9780,96544,384,Historical Fiction,3.76,[]
255,Austerlitz,"Austerlitz, the internationally acclaimed masterpiece by “one of the most gripping writers imaginable” (The New York Review of Books), is the story of a man’s search for the answer to his life’s central riddle. A small child when he comes to England on a Kindertransport in the summer of 1939, one Jacques Austerlitz is told nothing of his real family by the Welsh Methodist minister and his wife who raise him. When he is a much older man, the fleeting memories return to him, and obeying an instinct he only dimly understands, he follows their trail back to the world he left behind a half century before. There, faced with the void at the heart of twentieth-century Europe, he struggles to rescue his heritage from oblivion.",2001,W.G. Sebald,1792,20243,415,Fiction,3.99,[]
256,In Defense of Food,"Michael Pollan's last book, The Omnivore's Dilemma, launched a national conversation about the American way of eating; now In Defense of Food shows us how to change it, one meal at a time. Pollan proposes a new answer to the question of what we should eat that comes down to seven simple but liberating words: Eat food. Not too much. Mostly plants. Pollan's bracing and eloquent manifesto shows us how we can start making thoughtful food choices that will enrich our lives, enlarge our sense of what it means to be healthy, and bring pleasure back to eating.,,,",2008,Michael Pollan,8417,112954,205,Nonfiction,4.07,[]
257,Before I Fall,"With this stunning debut novel, New York Times bestselling author Lauren Oliver emerged as one of today's foremost authors of young adult fiction. Like Jay Asher's Thirteen Reasons Why and Gayle Forman's If I Stay, Before I Fall raises thought-provoking questions about love, death, and how one person's life can affect so many others.For popular high school senior Samantha Kingston, February 12—""Cupid Day""—should be one big party, a day of valentines and roses and the privileges that come with being at the top of the social pyramid. And it is…until she dies in a terrible accident that night.However, she still wakes up the next morning. In fact, Sam lives the last day of her life seven times, until she realizes that by making even the slightest changes, she may hold more power than she ever imagined.Named to numerous state reading lists, this novel was also recognized as a Best Book of the Year by Amazon.com, Barnes & Noble, The Daily Beast, NPR, and Publishers Weekly. It has been optioned for film by Fox 2000 Pictures.Supports the Common Core State Standards.",2010,Lauren Oliver,21449,328708,470,Young Adult,3.89,[]
258,The Birth of Venus,"Alessandra Cecchi is not quite fifteen when her father, a prosperous cloth merchant, brings a young painter back from northern Europe to decorate the chapel walls in the family’s Florentine palazzo. A child of the Renaissance, with a precocious mind and a talent for drawing, Alessandra is intoxicated by the painter’s abilities.But their burgeoning relationship is interrupted when Alessandra’s parents arrange her marriage to a wealthy, much older man. Meanwhile, Florence is changing, increasingly subject to the growing suppression imposed by the fundamentalist monk Savonarola, who is seizing religious and political control. Alessandra and her native city are caught between the Medici state, with its love of luxury, learning, and dazzling art, and the hellfire preaching and increasing violence of Savonarola’s reactionary followers. Played out against this turbulent backdrop, Alessandra’s married life is a misery, except for the surprising freedom it allows her to pursue her powerful attraction to the young painter and his art. The Birth of Venus is a tour de force, the first historical novel from one of Britain’s most innovative writers of literary suspense. It brings alive the history of Florence at its most dramatic period, telling a compulsively absorbing story of love, art, religion, and power through the passionate voice of Alessandra, a heroine with the same vibrancy of spirit as her beloved city.",2003,Sarah Dunant,3483,96988,427,Historical Fiction,3.81,[]
259,Fifty Shades Darker,"Daunted by the singular sexual tastes and dark secrets of the beautiful, tormented young entrepreneur Christian Grey, Anastasia Steele has broken off their relationship to start a new career with a Seattle publishing house. But desire for Christian still dominates her every waking thought, and when he proposes a new arrangement, Anastasia cannot resist. They rekindle their searing sensual affair, and Anastasia learns more about the harrowing past of her damaged, driven, and demanding Fifty Shades. While Christian wrestles with his inner demons, Anastasia must confront her anger and envy of the women who came before her and make the most important decision of her life. Erotic, sparkling and suspenseful, Fifty Shades Darker is the irresistibly addictive second part of the Fifty Shades trilogy.",2011,E.L. James,30206,856472,532,Romance,3.83,[]
260,Choke,"Victor Mancini, a medical-school dropout, is an antihero for our deranged times.Needing to pay elder care for his mother, Victor has devised an ingenious scam: he pretends to choke on pieces of food while dining in upscale restaurants. He then allows himself to be “saved” by fellow patrons who, feeling responsible for Victor’s life, go on to send checks to support him.When he’s not pulling this stunt, Victor cruises sexual addiction recovery workshops for action, visits his addled mom, and spends his days working at a colonial theme park.His creator, Chuck Palahniuk, renowned author of classics like Fight Club, is the visionary we need and the satirist we deserve.",2001,Chuck Palahniuk,6781,203294,293,Fiction,3.70,[]
261,Dreams of the Ringed Vale,"Luthiel's Song is an epic fantasy novel for young adults. It is the first in a series of seven. Below is a description of the story... First Summer's Eve has come and all elves celebrate as the black moon's shadow fades from the world. It is also Luthiel's fifteenth birthday. With it come two extraordinary and dangerous surprises: a Wyrd Stone, its silvery heart a window into a world of dreams and nightmares, and a Blade Dancer, dreaded protector of the Faelands, who bears a dark message. Instead of celebration, Luthiel is given a terrible choice: if she does nothing, someone she loves deeply will die. Or to save a life, she can break the most perilous law of the Faelands, and venture alone to the Vale of Mists. If she chooses the journey, she must race Othalas -- eldest and most feared of all the werewolves -- past great back spiders who weave webs out of nightmares, through glittering mists with the power to reshape flesh, and at last into death by the teeth of dark and ancient Vyrl, who feed on the blood of elves. Either choice will bring death -- unless Luthiel can find the secret in her remarkable Stone, a secret that even the nightmares fear.",2005,Robert Fanney,208,2970,328,Fantasy,3.65,[]
262,The Book of Lost Things,"High in his attic bedroom, twelve-year-old David mourns the death of his mother, with only the books on his shelf for company. But those books have begun to whisper to him in the darkness. Angry and alone, he takes refuge in his imagination and soon finds that reality and fantasy have begun to meld. While his family falls apart around him, David is violently propelled into a world that is a strange reflection of his own -- populated by heroes and monsters and ruled by a faded king who keeps his secrets in a mysterious book, The Book of Lost Things.Taking readers on a vivid journey through the loss of innocence into adulthood and beyond, New York Times bestselling author John Connolly tells a dark and compelling tale that reminds us of the enduring power of stories in our lives.",2006,John Connolly,8656,75645,339,Fantasy,3.96,[]
263,Quiet,"The book that started the Quiet RevolutionAt least one-third of the people we know are introverts. They are the ones who prefer listening to speaking; who innovate and create but dislike self-promotion; who favor working on their own over working in teams. It is to introverts—Rosa Parks, Chopin, Dr. Seuss, Steve Wozniak—that we owe many of the great contributions to society. In Quiet, Susan Cain argues that we dramatically undervalue introverts and shows how much we lose in doing so. She charts the rise of the Extrovert Ideal throughout the twentieth century and explores how deeply it has come to permeate our culture. She also introduces us to successful introverts—from a witty, high-octane public speaker who recharges in solitude after his talks, to a record-breaking salesman who quietly taps into the power of questions. Passionately argued, superbly researched, and filled with indelible stories of real people, Quiet has the power to permanently change how we see introverts and, equally important, how they see themselves.Now with Extra Libris material, including a reader’s guide and bonus content.",2012,Susan Cain,27720,404989,333,Nonfiction,4.07,[]
264,A Dirty Job,"Charlie Asher is a pretty normal guy with a normal life, married to a bright and pretty woman who actually loves him for his normalcy. They're even about to have their first child. Yes, Charlie's doing okay—until people start dropping dead around him, and everywhere he goes a dark presence whispers to him from under the streets. Charlie Asher, it seems, has been recruited for a new position: as Death.It's a dirty job. But, hey! Somebody's got to do it.",2006,Christopher Moore,7194,115822,387,Humor,4.03,[]
265,Fangirl,"A coming-of-age tale of fanfiction, family, and first love.Cath is a Simon Snow fan. Okay, the whole world is a Simon Snow fan.... But for Cath, being a fan is her life—and she's really good at it. She and her twin, Wren, ensconced themselves in the Simon Snow series when they were just kids; it's what got them through their mother leaving.Reading. Rereading. Hanging out in Simon Snow forums, writing Simon Snow fanfiction, dressing up like the characters for every movie premiere. Cath's sister has mostly grown away from fandom, but Cath can't let go. She doesn't want to.Now that they're going to college, Wren has told Cath she doesn't want to be roommates. Cath is on her own, completely outside of her comfort zone. She's got a surly roommate with a charming, always-around boyfriend; a fiction-writing professor who thinks fanfiction is the end of the civilized world; a handsome classmate who only wants to talk about words... and she can't stop worrying about her dad, who's loving and fragile and has never really been alone.For Cath, the question is: Can she do this? Can she make it without Wren holding her hand? Is she ready to start living her own life? And does she even want to move on if it means leaving Simon Snow behind?An unabridged recording on 10 CDs (12 hours, 49 minutes).",2013,Rainbow Rowell,57059,712641,483,Young Adult,3.97,[]
266,A Gentleman in Moscow,"From the New York Times bestselling author of Rules of Civility—a transporting novel about a man who is ordered to spend the rest of his life inside a luxury hotelWith his breakout debut novel, Rules of Civility, Amor Towles established himself as a master of absorbing, sophisticated fiction, bringing late 1930s Manhattan to life with splendid atmosphere and a flawless command of style. Readers and critics were enchanted; as NPR commented, “Towles writes with grace and verve about the mores and manners of a society on the cusp of radical change.”A Gentleman in Moscow immerses us in another elegantly drawn era with the story of Count Alexander Rostov. When, in 1922, he is deemed an unrepentant aristocrat by a Bolshevik tribunal, the count is sentenced to house arrest in the Metropol, a grand hotel across the street from the Kremlin. Rostov, an indomitable man of erudition and wit, has never worked a day in his life, and must now live in an attic room while some of the most tumultuous decades in Russian history are unfolding outside the hotel’s doors. Unexpectedly, his reduced circumstances provide him a doorway into a much larger world of emotional discovery.Brimming with humour, a glittering cast of characters, and one beautifully rendered scene after another, this singular novel casts a spell as it relates the count’s endeavour to gain a deeper understanding of what it means to be a man of purpose.",2016,Amor Towles,52088,470702,462,Historical Fiction,4.34,[]
267,Same Kind of Different as Me,"A dangerous, homeless drifter who grew up picking cotton in virtual slavery.An upscale art dealer accustomed to the world of Armani and Chanel.A gutsy woman with a stubborn dream.A story so incredible no novelist would dare dream it.It begins outside a burning plantation hut in Louisiana . . . and an East Texas honky-tonk . . . and, without a doubt, inside the heart of God. It unfolds at a Hollywood hacienda . . . an upscale New York gallery . . . a downtown dumpster . . . a Texas ranch.Gritty with betrayal, pain, and brutality, it also shines with an unexpected, life-changing love.Bonus material in this special movie edition includes: ",2006,Ron Hall,8448,88244,240,Nonfiction,4.19,[]
268,The Angel's Game,"From master storyteller Carlos Ruiz Zafon, author of the international phenomenon The Shadow of the Wind, comes The Angel’s Game — a dazzling new page-turner about the perilous nature of obsession, in literature and in love.The whole of Barcelona stretched out at my feet and I wanted to believe that when I opened those windows — my new windows — each evening its streets would whisper stories to me, secrets in my ear, that I could catch on paper and narrate to whomever cared to listen…In an abandoned mansion at the heart of Barcelona, a young man, David Martin, makes his living by writing sensationalist novels under a pseudonym. The survivor of a troubled childhood, he has taken refuge in the world of books and spends his nights spinning baroque tales about the city’s underworld. But perhaps his dark imaginings are not as strange as they seem, for in a locked room deep within the house lie photographs and letters hinting at the mysterious death of the previous owner. Like a slow poison, the history of the place seeps into his bones as he struggles with an impossible love. Close to despair, David receives a letter from a reclusive French editor, Andreas Corelli, who makes him the offer of a lifetime. He is to write a book unlike anything that has ever existed — a book with the power to change hearts and minds. In return, he will receive a fortune, and perhaps more. But as David begins the work, he realizes that there is a connection between his haunting book and the shadows that surround his home.Once again, Zafon takes us into a dark, gothic universe first seen in The Shadow of the Wind and creates a breathtaking adventure of intrigue, romance, and tragedy. Through a dizzyingly constructed labyrinth of secrets, the magic of books, passion, and friendship blend into a masterful story.(jacket)",2008,Carlos Ruiz Zafón,12751,148796,531,Fiction,3.98,[]
269,A Man Called Ove,"A grumpy yet loveable man finds his solitary world turned on its head when a boisterous young family moves in next door. Meet Ove. He's a curmudgeon, the kind of man who points at people he dislikes as if they were burglars caught outside his bedroom window. He has staunch principles, strict routines, and a short fuse. People call him the bitter neighbor from hell, but must Ove be bitter just because he doesn't walk around with a smile plastered to his face all the time?Behind the cranky exterior there is a story and a sadness. So when one November morning a chatty young couple with two chatty young daughters move in next door and accidentally flatten Ove's mailbox, it is the lead-in to a comical and heartwarming tale of unkempt cats, unexpected friendship, and the ancient art of backing up a U-Haul. All of which will change one cranky old man and a local residents' association to their very foundations.",2012,Fredrik Backman,94880,880135,337,Fiction,4.38,[]
270,Sharp Objects,"Fresh from a brief stay at a psych hospital, reporter Camille Preaker faces a troubling assignment: she must return to her tiny hometown to cover the unsolved murder of a preteen girl and the disappearance of another. For years, Camille has hardly spoken to her neurotic, hypochondriac mother or to the half-sister she barely knows: a beautiful thirteen-year-old with an eerie grip on the town. Now, installed in her old bedroom in her family's Victorian mansion, Camille finds herself identifying with the young victims—a bit too strongly. Dogged by her own demons, she must unravel the psychological puzzle of her own past if she wants to get the story—and survive this homecoming.Librarian's Note: this is an alternate cover edition - ISBN 10: 0307341550 (ISBN 13: 9780307341556)",2006,Gillian Flynn,57114,915971,254,Mystery,4.01,[]
271,The Book of Negroes,"Abducted as a child from her village in West Africa and forced to walk for months to the sea, Aminata Diallo is sent to live as a slave in South Carolina. But years later, she forges her way to freedom, serving the British in the Revolutionary War, registering her name in the historic “Book of Negroes” and eventually travelling back to Africa.A sweeping story that transports the reader from a tribal African village to a plantation in the southern United States, from the teeming Halifax docks to the manor houses of London, The Book of Negroes introduces one of the strongest female characters in Canadian fiction, one who cuts a swath through a world hostile to her colour and her sex.",2007,Lawrence Hill,6809,83574,512,Historical Fiction,4.45,[]
272,Life After Life,"What if you could live again and again, until you got it right? On a cold and snowy night in 1910, Ursula Todd is born to an English banker and his wife. She dies before she can draw her first breath. On that same cold and snowy night, Ursula Todd is born, lets out a lusty wail, and embarks upon a life that will be, to say the least, unusual. For as she grows, she also dies, repeatedly, in a variety of ways, while the young century marches on towards its second cataclysmic world war. Does Ursula's apparently infinite number of lives give her the power to save the world from its inevitable destiny? And if she can - will she?",2013,Kate Atkinson,25942,219488,531,Fiction,3.77,[]
273,The Knife of Never Letting Go,"Todd Hewitt is the only boy in a town of men. Ever since the settlers were infected with the Noise germ, Todd can hear everything the men think, and they hear everything he thinks. Todd is just a month away from becoming a man, but in the midst of the cacophony, he knows that the town is hiding something from him -- something so awful Todd is forced to flee with only his dog, whose simple, loyal voice he hears too. With hostile men from the town in pursuit, the two stumble upon a strange and eerily silent creature: a girl. Who is she? Why wasn't she killed by the germ like all the females on New World? Propelled by Todd's gritty narration, readers are in for a white-knuckle journey in which a boy on the cusp of manhood must unlearn everything he knows in order to figure out who he truly is.",2008,Patrick Ness,20054,186363,512,Young Adult,3.97,[]
274,The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian,"Bestselling author Sherman Alexie tells the story of Junior, a budding cartoonist growing up on the Spokane Indian Reservation. Determined to take his future into his own hands, Junior leaves his troubled school on the rez to attend an all-white farm town high school where the only other Indian is the school mascot.Heartbreaking, funny, and beautifully written, The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian, which is based on the author's own experiences, coupled with poignant drawings by Ellen Forney that reflect the character's art, chronicles the contemporary adolescence of one Native American boy as he attempts to break away from the life he was destined to live.With a foreward by Markus Zusak & interviews with Sherman Alexie and Ellen Forney ",2007,Sherman Alexie,26404,257194,230,Young Adult,4.07,[]
275,Night Watch,"Commander Sam Vimes of the Ankh-Morpork City Watch had it all. But now he's back in his own rough, tough past without even the clothes he was standing up in when the lightning struck...Living in the past is hard. Dying in the past is incredibly easy. But he must survive, because he has a job to do. He must track down a murderer, teach his younger self how to be a good copper, and change the outcome of a bloody rebellion. There's a problem: if he wins, he's got no wife, no child, no future.A Discworld Tale of One City, with a full chorus of street urchins, ladies of negotiable affection, rebels, secret policemen, and other children of the revolution.Truth! Justice! Freedom! And a Hard-boiled Egg!",2002,Terry Pratchett,2851,106200,480,Fantasy,4.49,[]
276,Blankets,"Wrapped in the landscape of a blustery Wisconsin winter, Blankets explores the sibling rivalry of two brothers growing up in the isolated country, and the budding romance of two coming-of-age lovers. A tale of security and discovery, of playfulness and tragedy, of a fall from grace and the origins of faith.",2003,Craig Thompson,7624,111482,592,Graphic Novels,4.05,[]
277,Dark Lover,"The only purebred vampire left on the planet and the leader of the Black Dagger Brotherhood, Wrath has a score to settle with the slayers who killed his parents centuries ago.But when his most trusted fighter is killed -- orphaning a half-breed daughter unaware of her heritage or her fate -- Wrath must put down his dagger and usher the beautiful female into another world.Racked by a restlessness in her body that wasn’t there before, Beth Randall is helpless against the dangerously sexy man who comes to her at night with shadows in his eyes. His tales of the Brotherhood and blood frighten her. Yet his touch ignites a dawning new hunger one that threatens to consume them both…",2005,J.R. Ward,14901,324971,393,Romance,4.16,[]
278,The Red Pyramid,"Since his mother's death six years ago, Carter Kane has been living out of a suitcase, traveling the globe with his father, the brilliant Egyptologist, Dr. Julius Kane. But while Carter's been homeschooled, his younger sister, Sadie, has been living with their grandparents in London. Sadie has just what Carter wants—school friends and a chance at a ""normal"" life. But Carter has just what Sadie longs for—time with their father. After six years of living apart, the siblings have almost nothing in common. Until now.On Christmas Eve, Sadie and Carter are reunited when their father brings them to the British Museum, with a promise that he's going to ""make things right."" But all does not go according to plan: Carter and Sadie watch as Julius summons a mysterious figure, who quickly banishes their father and causes a fiery explosion.Soon Carter and Sadie discover that the gods of Ancient Egypt are waking, and the worst of them—Set—has a frightening scheme. To save their father, they must embark on a dangerous journey—a quest that brings them ever closer to the truth about their family and its links to the House of Life, a secret order that has existed since the time of the pharaohs.",2010,Rick Riordan,15153,373723,528,Fantasy,4.10,[]
279,Station Eleven,"Set in the days of civilization's collapse, Station Eleven tells the story of a Hollywood star, his would-be savior, and a nomadic group of actors roaming the scattered outposts of the Great Lakes region, risking everything for art and humanity.One snowy night a famous Hollywood actor slumps over and dies onstage during a production of King Lear. Hours later, the world as we know it begins to dissolve. Moving back and forth in time—from the actor's early days as a film star to fifteen years in the future, when a theater troupe known as the Traveling Symphony roams the wasteland of what remains—this suspenseful, elegiac, spellbinding novel charts the strange twists of fate that connect five people: the actor, the man who tried to save him, the actor's first wife, his oldest friend, and a young actress with the Traveling Symphony, caught in the crosshairs of a dangerous self-proclaimed prophet.",2014,Emily St. John Mandel,51878,455652,333,Fiction,4.07,[]
280,In the Heart of the Sea,"""With its huge, scarred head halfway out of the water and its tail beating the ocean into a white-water wake more than forty feet across, the whale approached the ship at twice its original speed - at least six knots. With a tremendous cracking and splintering of oak, it struck the ship just beneath the anchor secured at the cat-head on the port bow..."" In the Heart of the Sea brings to new life the incredible story of the wreck of the whaleship Essex - an event as mythic in its own century as the Titanic disaster in ours, and the inspiration for the climax of Moby-Dick. In a harrowing page-turner, Nathaniel Philbrick restores this epic story to its rightful place in American history.In 1820, the 240-ton Essex set sail from Nantucket on a routine voyage for whales. Fifteen months later, in the farthest reaches of the South Pacific, it was repeatedly rammed and sunk by an eighty-ton bull sperm whale. Its twenty-man crew, fearing cannibals on the islands to the west, made for the 3,000-mile-distant coast of South America in three tiny boats. During ninety days at sea under horrendous conditions, the survivors clung to life as one by one, they succumbed to hunger, thirst, disease, and fear.Philbrick interweaves his account of this extraordinary ordeal of ordinary men with a wealth of whale lore and with a brilliantly detailed portrait of the lost, unique community of Nantucket whalers. Impeccably researched and beautifully told, the book delivers the ultimate portrait of man against nature, drawing on a remarkable range of archival and modern sources, including a long-lost account by the ship's cabin boy.At once a literary companion and a page-turner that speaks to the same issues of class, race, and man's relationship to nature that permeate the works of Melville, In the Heart of the Sea will endure as a vital work of American history.",2000,Nathaniel Philbrick,6675,102175,302,History,4.14,[]
281,The Selection,"For thirty-five girls, the Selection is the chance of a lifetime. The opportunity to escape the life laid out for them since birth. To be swept up in a world of glittering gowns and priceless jewels. To live in a palace and compete for the heart of gorgeous Prince Maxon.But for America Singer, being Selected is a nightmare. It means turning her back on her secret love with Aspen, who is a caste below her. Leaving her home to enter a fierce competition for a crown she doesn't want. Living in a palace that is constantly threatened by violent rebel attacks.Then America meets Prince Maxon. Gradually, she starts to question all the plans she's made for herself—and realizes that the life she's always dreamed of may not compare to a future she never imagined.",2012,Kiera Cass,70670,1386870,336,Young Adult,4.09,[]
282,And the Mountains Echoed,"So, then. You want a story and I will tell you one...Afghanistan, 1952. Abdullah and his sister Pari live with their father and stepmother in the small village of Shadbagh. Their father, Saboor, is constantly in search of work and they struggle together through poverty and brutal winters. To Abdullah, Pari - as beautiful and sweet-natured as the fairy for which she was named - is everything. More like a parent than a brother, Abdullah will do anything for her, even trading his only pair of shoes for a feather for her treasured collection. Each night they sleep together in their cot, their heads touching, their limbs tangled. One day the siblings journey across the desert to Kabul with their father. Pari and Abdullah have no sense of the fate that awaits them there, for the event which unfolds will tear their lives apart; sometimes a finger must be cut to save the hand. Crossing generations and continents, moving from Kabul, to Paris, to San Francisco, to the Greek island of Tinos, with profound wisdom, depth, insight and compassion, Khaled Hosseini writes about the bonds that define us and shape our lives, the ways in which we help our loved ones in need, how the choices we make resonate through history and how we are often surprised by the people closest to us.",2012,Khaled Hosseini,31258,350690,404,Fiction,4.07,[]
283,Cell,"Where were you on October 1st at 3:03 pm?Graphic artist Clay Riddell was in the heart of Boston on that brilliant autumn afternoon when hell was unleashed before his eyes. Without warning, carnage and chaos reigned. Ordinary people fell victim to the basest, most animalistic destruction.And the apocalypse began with the ring of a cell phone...",2006,Stephen King,7030,214062,449,Horror,3.66,[]
284,Bitten,"Elena Michaels is the world’s only female werewolf. And she’s tired of it. Tired of a life spent hiding and protecting, a life where her most important job is hunting down rogue werewolves. Tired of a world that not only accepts the worst in her–her temper, her violence–but requires it. Worst of all, she realizes she’s growing content with that life, with being that person.So she left the Pack and returned to Toronto where she’s trying to live as a human. When the Pack leader calls asking for her help fighting a sudden uprising, she only agrees because she owes him. Once this is over, she’ll be squared with the Pack and free to live life as a human. Which is what she wants. Really.",2001,Kelley Armstrong,4834,99841,436,Urban Fantasy,4.02,[]
285,Consider the Lobster and Other Essays,"Do lobsters feel pain? Did Franz Kafka have a funny bone? What is John Updike's deal, anyway? And what happens when adult video starlets meet their fans in person? David Foster Wallace answers these questions and more in essays that are also enthralling narrative adventures. Whether covering the three-ring circus of a vicious presidential race, plunging into the wars between dictionary writers, or confronting the World's Largest Lobster Cooker at the annual Maine Lobster Festival, Wallace projects a quality of thought that is uniquely his and a voice as powerful and distinct as any in American letters.Contains: ""Big Red Son,"" ""Certainly the End of Something or Other, One Would Sort of Have to Think,"" ""Some Remarks on Kafka's Funniness from Which Probably Not Enough Has Been Removed,"" ""Authority and American Usage,"" ""The View from Mrs. Thompson's,"" ""How Tracy Austin Broke My Heart,"" ""Up, Simba,"" ""Consider the Lobster,"" ""Joseph Frank's Dostoevsky"" and ""Host.""",2005,David Foster Wallace,3351,47641,343,Nonfiction,4.18,[]
286,The End of Faith,"In The End of Faith, Sam Harris delivers a startling analysis of the clash between reason and religion in the modern world. He offers a vivid, historical tour of our willingness to suspend reason in favor of religious beliefs—even when these beliefs inspire the worst human atrocities. While warning against the encroachment of organized religion into world politics, Harris draws on insights from neuroscience, philosophy, and Eastern mysticism to deliver a call for a truly modern foundation for ethics and spirituality that is both secular and humanistic.Winner of the 2005 PEN/Martha Albrand Award for Nonfiction.",2004,Sam Harris,1845,40678,348,Religion,3.89,[]
287,On Chesil Beach,"A novel of remarkable depth and poignancy from one of the most acclaimed writers of our time.It is July 1962. Florence is a talented musician who dreams of a career on the concert stage and of the perfect life she will create with Edward, an earnest young history student at University College of London, who unexpectedly wooed and won her heart. Newly married that morning, both virgins, Edward and Florence arrive at a hotel on the Dorset coast. At dinner in their rooms they struggle to suppress their worries about the wedding night to come. Edward, eager for rapture, frets over Florence’s response to his advances and nurses a private fear of failure, while Florence’s anxieties run deeper: she is overcome by sheer disgust at the idea of physical contact, but dreads disappointing her husband when they finally lie down together in the honeymoon suite. Ian McEwan has caught with understanding and compassion the innocence of Edward and Florence at a time when marriage was presumed to be the outward sign of maturity and independence. On Chesil Beach is another masterwork from McEwan—a story of lives transformed by a gesture not made or a word not spoken.",2007,Ian McEwan,8054,88258,166,Fiction,3.60,[]
288,The Last Song,"Alternate Cover Edition can be found hereSeventeen-year-old Veronica 'Ronnie' Miller’s life was turned upside-down when her parents divorced and her father moved from New York City to Wilmington, North Carolina. Three years later, she remains angry and alienated from her parents, especially her father . . . until her mother decides it would be in everyone’s best interest if she spent the summer in Wilmington with him. Ronnie’s father, a former concert pianist and teacher, is living a quiet life in the beach town, immersed in creating a work of art that will become the centerpiece of a local church. The tale that unfolds is an unforgettable story about love in its myriad forms - first love, the love between parents and children - that demonstrates, as only a Nicholas Sparks novel can, the many ways that deeply felt relationships can break our hearts . . . and heal them.",2008,Nicholas Sparks,12737,541962,390,Romance,4.16,[]
289,Brisingr,"Oaths sworn... loyalties tested... forces collide.It's been only months since Eragon first uttered ""brisingr"", an ancient language term for fire. Since then, he's not only learned to create magic with words — he's been challenged to his very core. Following the colossal battle against the Empires warriors on the Burning Plains, Eragon and his dragon, Saphira, have narrowly escaped with their lives. Still, there is more adventure at hand for the Rider and his dragon, as Eragon finds himself bound by a tangle of promises he may not be able to keep.First is Eragon's oath to his cousin, Roran: to help rescue Roran's beloved from King Galbatorix's clutches. But Eragon owes his loyalty to others, too. The Varden are in desperate need of his talents and strength — as are the elves and dwarves. When unrest claims the rebels and danger strikes from every corner, Eragon must make choices — choices that will take him across the Empire and beyond, choices that may lead to unimagined sacrifice.Eragon is the greatest hope to rid the land of tyranny. Can this once simple farm boy unite the rebel forces and defeat the king?",2008,Christopher Paolini,9963,347879,748,Fantasy,4.08,[]
290,Dissolution,"Henry VIII has ordered the dissolution of the monasteries and England is full of informers. At the monastery of Scarnsea, events have spiralled out of control with the murder of Commissioner Robin Singleton. Matthew Shardlake, a lawyer, and his assistant are sent to investigate.",2003,C.J. Sansom,3382,51113,456,Historical Fiction,4.05,[]
291,Just Kids,"In Just Kids, Patti Smith's first book of prose, the legendary American artist offers a never-before-seen glimpse of her remarkable relationship with photographer Robert Mapplethorpe in the epochal days of New York City and the Chelsea Hotel in the late sixties and seventies. An honest and moving story of youth and friendship, Smith brings the same unique, lyrical quality to Just Kids as she has to the rest of her formidable body of work--from her influential 1975 album Horses to her visual art and poetry.",2010,Patti Smith,16684,242726,304,Nonfiction,4.20,[]
292,Tell No One,"For Dr. David Beck, the loss was shattering. And every day for the past eight years, he has relived the horror of what happened. The gleaming lake. The pale moonlight. The piercing screams. The night his wife was taken. The last night he saw her alive.Everyone tells him it's time to move on, to forget the past once and for all. But for David Beck, there can be no closure. A message has appeared on his computer, a phrase only he and his dead wife know. Suddenly Beck is taunted with the impossible- that somewhere, somehow, Elizabeth is alive.Beck has been warned to tell no one. And he doesn't. Instead, he runs from the people he trusts the most, plunging headlong into a search for the shadowy figure whose messages hold out a desperate hope.But already Beck is being hunted down. He's headed straight into the heart of a dark and deadly secret- and someone intends to stop him before he gets there.",2001,Harlan Coben,7011,146179,370,Mystery,4.08,[]
293,The Orphan Master's Son,"Pak Jun Do is the haunted son of a lost mother - a singer ""stolen"" to Pyongyang - and an influential father who runs Long Tomorrows, a work camp for orphans. There the boy is given his first taste of power, picking which orphans eat first and which will be lent out for manual labor. Recognized for his loyalty and keen instincts, Jun Do comes to the attention of superiors in the state, rises in the ranks, and starts on a road from which there will be no return.Considering himself ""a humble citizen of the greatest nation in the world,"" Jun Do becomes a professional kidnapper who must navigate the shifting rules, arbitrary violence, and baffling demands of his Korean overlords in order to stay alive. Driven to the absolute limit of what any human being could endure, he boldly takes on the treacherous role of rival to Kim Jong Il in an attempt to save the woman he loves, Sun Moon, a legendary actress ""so pure, she didn't know what starving people looked like."" Part breathless thriller, part story of innocence lost, part story of romantic love, The Orphan Master's Son is also a riveting portrait of a world heretofore hidden from view: a North Korea rife with hunger, corruption, and casual cruelty but also camaraderie, stolen moments of beauty, and love. A towering literary achievement, The Orphan Master's Son ushers Adam Johnson into the small group of today's greatest writers.An epic novel and a thrilling literary discovery, The Orphan Master's Son follows a young man's journey through the icy waters, dark tunnels, and eerie spy chambers of the world's most mysterious dictatorship, North Korea.",2012,Adam  Johnson,10675,97509,443,Fiction,4.06,[]
294,Legend,"What was once the western United States is now home to the Republic, a nation perpetually at war with its neighbors. Born into an elite family in one of the Republic's wealthiest districts, fifteen-year-old June is a prodigy being groomed for success in the Republic's highest military circles. Born into the slums, fifteen-year-old Day is the country's most wanted criminal. But his motives may not be as malicious as they seem.From very different worlds, June and Day have no reason to cross paths—until the day June's brother, Metias, is murdered and Day becomes the prime suspect. Caught in the ultimate game of cat and mouse, Day is in a race for his family's survival, while June seeks to avenge Metias's death. But in a shocking turn of events, the two uncover the truth of what has really brought them together, and the sinister lengths their country will go to keep its secrets.Alternate Cover edition for ISBN 9780399256752",2011,Marie Lu,35068,499526,305,Young Adult,4.16,[]
295,Lips of a Mastodon,"(BACK COVER)Why does Ted Bernal Guevara keep putting out these James Dean conceptual novels? In plain truth, Guevara says, “He’s like a kid (James Dean) I went to class with, rode the bus with, and slid down an awesome snow-packed hill with.” And after high school, he goes on to Hollywood fame and immortality while Guevara from his modest bookish world is left to wonder about the iconic image, giving it a stark, poignant voice sixty years later. Guevara grew up in Marion, Indiana, where the actor was born. In 1954, Dean met perhaps the one real romance in his brief life. Italian actress Pier Angeli was barely 22 when her movie The Silver Chalice coincided with Dean’s East of Eden at Warner Brothers. She’d sneak over to watch him perform, and he would do the same. When they finally interact, Pier’s mother disapproves of Dean’s behavior, attire, and not being Catholic.Some say it was all for the limelight and publicity. Guevara’s gripping and frank story vies otherwise, excavating the actor’s true passion for the lovely but quaint Ms. Angeli.Guevara is also the author of True Feel, A Circle with Two Corners, and Days of Slint, the first James Dean conceptual novel.",2015,Ted Bernal Guevara,24,3131,226,Fiction,3.55,[]
296,The Rosie Project,"An international sensation, this hilarious, feel-good novel is narrated by an oddly charming and socially challenged genetics professor on an unusual quest: to find out if he is capable of true love.Don Tillman, professor of genetics, has never been on a second date. He is a man who can count all his friends on the fingers of one hand, whose lifelong difficulty with social rituals has convinced him that he is simply not wired for romance. So when an acquaintance informs him that he would make a “wonderful” husband, his first reaction is shock. Yet he must concede to the statistical probability that there is someone for everyone, and he embarks upon The Wife Project. In the orderly, evidence-based manner with which he approaches all things, Don sets out to find the perfect partner. She will be punctual and logical—most definitely not a barmaid, a smoker, a drinker, or a late-arriver.Yet Rosie Jarman is all these things. She is also beguiling, fiery, intelligent—and on a quest of her own. She is looking for her biological father, a search that a certain DNA expert might be able to help her with. Don's Wife Project takes a back burner to the Father Project and an unlikely relationship blooms, forcing the scientifically minded geneticist to confront the spontaneous whirlwind that is Rosie—and the realization that love is not always what looks good on paper.The Rosie Project is a moving and hilarious novel for anyone who has ever tenaciously gone after life or love in the face of overwhelming challenges.",2013,Graeme Simsion,44932,528128,292,Fiction,4.02,[]
297,The Past,"The Past is the first book in the VanWest series, about an Enforcer who lives in a dystopian Earth of the year 3000 and works for an authoritarian ruler called the Universal Council. Tasked with travelling through time to stop a renegade sect, that seeks to change Earth’s past, he comes to learn about his dark origins and his unique ability.Falling in love with the daughter of its leader, he returns to the present to face a difficult choice, whether or not to save her. And be part of the New Beginning.",2020,Kenneth   Thomas,211,690,195,Science Fiction,3.77,[]
298,Blood & Spirits,"Small-town life can be hard for a dead girl...For Veronica Fischer the night to night life of a bloodsucking madam in Middle America is tough enough before she adopts Rachel Gregory, an eight year old ghost. After her house is set on fire, and Rachel disappears, all signs point to foul play. When she finds herself with a hit out on her unlife, and warrants for her arrest, it becomes clear she's going to need help.Now she has to contend with horny zombies, violent spirits, and murderous grave robbers if she's ever going to find Rachel and discover the awful truth of the coming storm.A raucous ride through the dangerous lives of the lecherous undead.",2011,Dennis Sharpe,50,2277,310,Urban Fantasy,3.58,[]
299,Anathem,"Fraa Erasmas is a young avout living in the Concent of Saunt Edhar, a sanctuary for mathematicians, scientists, and philosophers, protected from the corrupting influences of the outside ""saecular"" world by ancient stone, honored traditions, and complex rituals. Over the centuries, cities and governments have risen and fallen beyond the concent's walls. Three times during history's darkest epochs violence born of superstition and ignorance has invaded and devastated the cloistered mathic community. Yet the avout have always managed to adapt in the wake of catastrophe, becoming out of necessity even more austere and less dependent on technology and material things. And Erasmas has no fear of the outside—the Extramuros—for the last of the terrible times was long, long ago.Now, in celebration of the week-long, once-in-a-decade rite of Apert, the fraas and suurs prepare to venture beyond the concent's gates—at the same time opening them wide to welcome the curious ""extras"" in. During his first Apert as a fraa, Erasmas eagerly anticipates reconnecting with the landmarks and family he hasn't seen since he was ""collected."" But before the week is out, both the existence he abandoned and the one he embraced will stand poised on the brink of cataclysmic change.Powerful unforeseen forces jeopardize the peaceful stability of mathic life and the established ennui of the Extramuros—a threat that only an unsteady alliance of saecular and avout can oppose—as, one by one, Erasmas and his colleagues, teachers, and friends are summoned forth from the safety of the concent in hopes of warding off global disaster. Suddenly burdened with a staggering responsibility, Erasmas finds himself a major player in a drama that will determine the future of his world—as he sets out on an extraordinary odyssey that will carry him to the most dangerous, inhospitable corners of the planet . . . and beyond.",2008,Neal Stephenson,5226,69048,937,Science Fiction,4.17,[]
300,Julie and Julia,"With the humor of Bridget Jones and the vitality of Augusten Burroughs, Julie Powell recounts how she conquered every recipe in Julia Child's Mastering the Art of French Cooking and saved her soul!Julie Powell is 30-years-old, living in a rundown apartment in Queens and working at a soul-sucking secretarial job that’s going nowhere. She needs something to break the monotony of her life, and she invents a deranged assignment. She will take her mother's dog-eared copy of Julia Child's 1961 classic Mastering the Art of French Cooking, and she will cook all 524 recipes. In the span of one year. At first she thinks it will be easy. But as she moves from the simple Potage Parmentier (potato soup) into the more complicated realm of aspics and crépes, she realizes there’s more to Mastering the Art of French Cooking than meets the eye. With Julia’s stern warble always in her ear, Julie haunts the local butcher, buying kidneys and sweetbreads. She sends her husband on late-night runs for yet more butter and rarely serves dinner before midnight. She discovers how to mold the perfect Orange Bavarian, the trick to extracting marrow from bone, and the intense pleasure of eating liver. And somewhere along the line she realizes she has turned her kitchen into a miracle of creation and cuisine. She has eclipsed her life’s ordinariness through spectacular humor, hysteria, and perseverance.",2005,Julie Powell,8184,158050,310,Nonfiction,3.71,[]
301,Wild,"An alternate cover for this ISBN can be found here.At twenty-two, Cheryl Strayed thought she had lost everything. In the wake of her mother’s death, her family scattered and her own marriage was soon destroyed. Four years later, with nothing more to lose, she made the most impulsive decision of her life. With no experience or training, driven only by blind will, she would hike more than a thousand miles of the Pacific Crest Trail from the Mojave Desert through California and Oregon to Washington State — and she would do it alone.Told with suspense and style, sparkling with warmth and humor, Wild powerfully captures the terrors and pleasures of one young woman forging ahead against all odds on a journey that maddened, strengthened, and ultimately healed her.",2012,Cheryl Strayed,44619,741517,315,Nonfiction,4.04,[]
302,The Casual Vacancy,"In the idyllic small town of Pagford, a councillor dies and leaves a ""casual vacancy"" - an empty seat on the Parish Council.In the election for his successor that follows, it is clear that behind the pretty surface this is a town at war. Rich at war with poor, wives at war with husbands, teachers at war with pupils... Pagford is not what it first seems.",2012,J.K. Rowling,32203,322488,503,Fiction,3.30,[]
303,Dreamcatcher,"In Derry, Maine, four young boys once stood together and did a brave thing. Something that changed them in ways they hardly understand.A quarter of a century later, the boys are men who have gone their separate ways. Though they still get together once a year, to go hunting in the north woods of Maine. But this time is different. This time a man comes stumbling into their camp, lost, disoriented and muttering about lights in the sky.Before long, these old friends will be plunged into the most remarkable events of their lives as they struggle with a terrible creature from another world. Their only chance of survival is locked in their shared past - and in the Dreamcatcher.",2001,Stephen King,3209,168046,688,Horror,3.65,[]
304,The Sisters Brothers,"Hermann Kermit Warm is going to die. The enigmatic and powerful man known only as the Commodore has ordered it, and his henchmen, Eli and Charlie Sisters, will make sure of it. Though Eli doesn't share his brother's appetite for whiskey and killing, he's never known anything else. But their prey isn't an easy mark, and on the road from Oregon City to Warm's gold-mining claim outside Sacramento, Eli begins to question what he does for a living - and whom he does it for.With The Sisters Brothers, Patrick deWitt pays homage to the classic Western, transforming it into an unforgettable comic tour de force. Filled with a remarkable cast of characters - losers, cheaters, and ne'er-do-wells from all stripes of life - and told by a complex and compelling narrator, it is a violent, lustful odyssey through the underworld of the 1850s frontier that beautifully captures the humor, melancholy, and grit of the Old West, and two brothers bound by blood, violence, and love.",2011,Patrick deWitt,9544,93543,328,Fiction,3.85,[]
305,Carnal,"Have you heard of a place called Mong where the dream world intersects with the real world? At Mong, rules are easily bent and intuition often overwhelms logic. Desires go out of control and wishes come true in wrong ways. Once captured, monsters and villains from Mong are sent to the prison of Nightmare. A hideous serial killer manages to break out of the jail into the real world, terrifying the earthlings. A reporter from an obscure magazine company hunts the killer doggedly. Or is it the other way around? He has to find the clues about the killer before his girlfriend becomes the next victim. Time is dashing forward. In desperation, the reporter decides to cross the border of no return and climbs down into Mong. Little did he know what's waiting for him at that murky place.",2009,Rom LcO'Feer,13,2121,222,Psychology,3.52,[]
306,Possession of My Heart,"After the great fight between Tyran and Misfeata, Karla’s body is recovering. Misfeata has manipulated and possessed her body — now, she lies dormant. But for how long? Paul and Karla continue to venture into the unknown. Karla is in pursuit of her parents, as well as a cure for her body in which Shielder blood now resides. She must find a cure for herself both physically and mentally as she struggles with the morals of this very different world. As Karla tries to avoid the war, she inevitably drags Paul into dangerous circumstances. A rare Elemental Breather is after Karla and out for war, but why? Now, not only combating the Starkorfs, Karla must contend with the Elemental Breathers and her own fighting spirit. In this time of hardship, Lucas comes back into her life. He is also targeted by the strange Elemental Breather, Taskatae, who calls herself ‘Mother.’ After his betrayal, Karla must learn to trust him again as he reminds her who she truly is now. Can she survive the constant battles from not only the physical world but from within? For a while Misfeata is dormant; Karla must try to keep hidden her true feelings. Karla is in turmoil as she faces who may truly possess her heart.",2014,Kia Carrington-Russell,24,2145,258,author-review,3.56,"[""So, can Kia Carrington-Russell repeat her gripping performance in book one of this series? Possession of My Hearthas a tough act to follow, but, I have to say, this was every bit as stellar as Possession of My Soul! Karla’s own personal demon, Misfeata, who has taken up residence in her body continues to fight for dominance, especially when her evil brother Tyran is around. For now, things are quiet, by Karla’s body has taken a beating, both from outward attacks and from Misfeata.Karla was betrayed by the man she thought she loved, while holding her human friend at a distance. Did her heart make the wrong choice? Paul has always been there for her and her guilt at continually endangering him is mounting. This world is unforgiving, there seems to be no peace to be had, as a disastrous war becomes inevitable between demon factions. Who is the Elemental Breather called Taskatae? How does she have power over Karla? Now the object of another faction's ire, how will Karla find her parents and rid herself of the Shielder demon within? And now, her heart’s betrayer has returned, but he is not alone, why should she trust him? His father is her greatest enemy.You may need roller skates on your eyeballs to keep up with this wicked fast-paced fantasy. Once again, Kia Carrington-Russell has added just the right amount of danger, drama, tension and stress without slowing down as she takes us from page to page, scene to scene and battle to battle. Karla has matured, toughened up, but she is still the teen, who, until recently never knew this world existed. Ms. Carrington-Russell is on a roll and I’m looking forward to her next addition to this series.I received a copy from Kia Carrington-Russell in exchange for my honest review.Series: The Three Immortal Blades - Book 2Publication Date: October 10, 2014Publisher: Crystal PublishingISBN-13: 9780992502843Genre: YA FantasyPrint Length: 286 pagesAvailable from: Amazon | Barnes & Noble\n\nShow more"", 'The transformation in Karla is heart pounding. Trying to figure out this very different world is full of excitement and mystery. I loved writing this book as Karla dragged me through many surreal scenarios and met some interesting comrades along the way. I absolutely loved adding Scott and Paige into this war against Starkorfs and Elemental Breathers. My heart still beats for both Lucas and Paul, I dread how will she ever choose, and if she ever will. . .Show more', '***I received the eBook free as a review copy from the author in exchange for an honest review***Kia Carrington-Russel really came into her stride with this book, and her writing captivated me right from the start. It was fast-paced and intense but I felt connected to the characters so it wasn’t even close to one of those mindless action novels.The heroine Karla has definitely woken up to the dire importance of her situation, but that only makes it worse as she not only battles old faces but new ones when she tries to defend those she loves, never mind herself. Constantly fighting her own inner demons she grows to be someone so much stronger than before, and I can only imagine where this new strength will take her.Paul has always stuck by her side and while I love him, I don’t think he can compare with the enigma that is Lucas. Their chemistry is undeniable and has led to Paul in my eyes being pushed into the friend zone, but Karla hasn’t decided quite yet (there’s also the problem with Lucas betraying her, plus soon to be becoming her worst enemy intent on killing Misfeata who exists inside her). All’s fair in love and war.I was anxious about the introduction of “new” characters yet I needn’t be. They all have their place in the story, and I look forward to discover the details of their own individual stories because I think there’s a lot more to come…This series definitely I think has a lot more on the horizon so I’m really excited for it, and in the meanwhile I can read more of Kia Carrington-Russel’s work.Posted on: http://enchantedbyya.blogspot.co.uk/Show more', 'book was slow to get into,should have read book #1 first,was alittle hard to follow,thanks for the read', "" Review of Possession of HeartKia the author has done it again. She continually delivers an excellent performance on her writing skills. The plots are fast-paced full of lots of action and adventure in this urban fantasy/paranormal/fantasy story. Karla is a teenager maturing quickly; she had to as she faced such adult situations. She learns to adapt to her new found paranormal world very quickly as though shes never known anything else. I felt for her as she because of the struggle of Lucas’ betrayal while struggling with her feelings for both him and Paul. I was definitely routing for them too. I was disappointed that so far its not happening because the romantic tensions are most definately high. More characters are introduced and the story lays out a better more involved plot. What about Scott?! I love this character funny adventurous laid back and not at all worried. Lol The line between friend and enemy continues to be blurred but makes for exciting reading!! This story is packed full of unexpected twists and turns, drama-filled moments that will blow you away. I was cheering one minute and sad the next even mad at times. You definitely feel all sorts of emotions. I became totally immersed yet again in this series! I love the writing style and am floored at the maturity of the storytelling of this new author is portraying. Shes got talent. I'm off to read the next book!Show more"", ""In the second book of this series Karlas body is recovering from the big fight between tyran and misfeata..she is also in search for her parents with Paul helping her ... Lucas comes back into the picture after the big betrayal..Karla can not get over it. She doesn't trust him..she does find her parents but with a great cost...and now Tyran is in the new brothers body who she has to fight again Misfeata comes back to wage war and take over Karlas body again to fight! She defeats him but now she will have to fight Lucas for the final fight..I CAN NOT WAIT FOR BOOK THREE!!!Rate: 4 masks! ~RachelShow more"", 'The story is about an interesting world created by this author where magic is prevelant and good fights against evil. There is an akward love triangle of sorts that complicates things. I found it distracting, but it did give a clarity to the protagonists internal dilemma about her two sides.I am still uncertain if I like this story, but I look forward to reading more by this author as I find them intriguing and challenging.I give this story 4 out of 5 clouds as it is well written and challenges me in a positive way.Show more', ""I really felt for Lucas in this book. He was trying to prove that he was trying to help Karla and would protect her, no matter what. Karla has so many struggles to face and again the detail in this book defines each one incredibly! I find myself second guessing Paul in a few spots and still wonder who will Karla really chose? What if Lucas can't protect her forever?! Ah Kia, you torture me waiting for the next two books!Show more"", 'Possession of My Heart is the second book in the Three Immortal Blade Series by Kia Carrington-Russell. Picking up a couple of weeks after book 1. Karla and Paul are on their own at the start as they are trying to find adrenaline to keep Karla from continually dying. They are on a journey to find Karla’s parent while fighting Starkof’s. Their paths cross once again with Lucas after his betrayal in book1 and his companion. A new enemy, Taskatea, emerges in this book and causes several challenges for the small group making their way to Karla’s parent. A few new character emerge such as Scott, in human form, who provides some comic relief in light of the situation.Paul is expectantly kidnapped by a Taskatea creature and held captive. Karla fights to free him at all costs. During their battles and killing of bizarre beasts Karla learns she kills her father and struggles to adjust to what her life has become. Along the way Karla learns Raven was Taskatea’s only child and is after her for revenge. This twist was unexpected but leads to several intense scenes. The conflict scenes in this book are extraordinary in their detail and you can visualize the scene and feel the need for victory. After setting the stage in book 1 of the series Possession of My Heart does not disappoint. The characters continue to evolve; encounter harder obstacles and further develop of the complicated relationships between main and support characters. By the end of this book I wished it hadn’t ended. There are many unanswered questions that could go in any direction. I again highly recommend this series and eagerly await the next installment. I am hoping for Karla to pick Lucas \uf04a.Show more', ""I received this book from the author for an honest review. I am a part of the Review Team @ The Paranormal Bookshelf. Category: Paranormal fantasySpoilers: NONEBook #2 in The Immortal Blades series Just where the last book left, this story picks up which is always a plus in my reviews. I have to make a point without giving a spoiler, that the main idea of this story really struck me. To me, this overall idea is of the dual struggle within all of us. Yes this is a big idea for a paranormal fantasy book but I kept seeing this pattern rise throughout this second book and it was nice to see the depth this author has. She is very talented. The main character Karla, finds herself fighting more battles in this installment both internally and externally. Her love life is still complicated and all the while she is trying to make the best decisions for everyone without to much care for herself in a way. Like I said big idea in such a fast paced book. Loved it. Can't wait for the next one. Want to know what happens. Way to go Kia! 5 out of 5 stars. Show more"", ""This was so suspenseful!!! I enjoyed this book so much. I really liked the first book but this book took me into a new dimension of a world full of wonder and extreme emotion. I don't ever give out spoilers, but I just have to say you see Karla really become a full warrior. It was great...only thing I disliked is that I can't read the 3rd book NOW!!!Loved it!!! Kia, this was wonderful!! You opened my eyes to reading fantasy!!Show more"", ""Karla and Paul are searching for Karla's parents. After 2 months of searching and finding they are getting no closer they unintentionally bump into Lucas, Lucas pleads with them to allow him and his new found associate to help them in their quest to find her parents. Along the way they find that they will have to go up against an enemy none of them have ever faced before, Taskatae.When Karla finally finds her parents nothing could have prepared her for the utter devastation she feels when the unimaginable happens. In a bid to keep her mother safe Karla decides she must continue her battle with Misfeata who is still wanting to possess her body and soul in order to kill her elder brother Tyron who now resides in Lucas' brother. Will Karla and co be able to defeat Taskatae? Can Karla admit to her feelings for Lucas and kill his brother even knowing that once he is dead Tyron will then inhabit Lucas meaning she would have to kill him?? What happens when there is a surprise reunion for Karla with a family member??This is another great book by a greatly talented author. I really felt for Karla in this book more so than I did in the previous one, after all she has been through to find out that Taskatae is in fact after her whilst still battling Misfeata's attempts at possessing her must be so draining but she never seemed to let it get to her. She clearly has feelings for both Paul and Lucas but won't let either of them know.. I don't blame her for not letting Lucas know after what he had done to her.I loved Paul he is so clearly in love with Karla to have followed her all over all he wants to do is protect her from everything even though he is only human he does his best. Lucas redeemed himself in this book for me as even though he knows once his brother’s dead, Tryon will try and possess him, he vows to Karla that he will never hurt her. He would rather run away and stay away from her rather than fight or harm her. He clearly loves her as well as Paul does.I loved this book and would recommend it to others.Show more"", ""Since there are plenty of reviews that discuss the storyline, I won't be going into details of the plot. Personally, I prefer to read books blind, rather than know what to expect thanks to details leaked on the back cover.This was a interesting story, one that is equally enjoyable for YA readers and older readers. I'd classify it as urban fantasy, leaning a bit towards the dark side of the genre This is the second book in a series set in a world where the paranormal lies below the surface of normal human life, hidden from view.Told from Karla's first person point of view, you are immediately immersed into this world and her story.This book picks up a couple months after the first and draws you deeper into Karla's world. It's written in a epic arch style leaving you wanting to pick up the next book in the series to find out what happens to Karla next. Unfortunately the next book in the series is not out yet. While not a traditional cliff hanger, there are lots of loose ends waiting to be tied up in the next book.Note: I received a free copy of this book in exchange for an honest review.Since I don't normally write reviews unless I have something specific to say, here's the break down of how I rate my books...1 star... This book was bad, so bad I may have given up and skipped to the end. I will avoid this author like the plague in the future.2 stars... This book was not very good, and I won't be reading any more from the author.3 stars... This book was ok, but I won't go out of my way to read more, But if I find another book by the author for under a dollar I'd pick it up.4 stars... I really enjoyed this book and will definitely be on the look out to pick up more from the series/author.5 stars... I loved this book! It has earned a permanent home in my collection and I'll be picking up the rest of the series and other books from the author ASAP.Show more"", ""**Copy of book provided by the author in return for an honest review.**DISCLAIMER TO MY FELLOW GOODREADERThis review is my personal opinion and may contain: spoilers, quotes, rants, cussing (sometimes I cannot help myself) and a possible full on recap. I in no way want to ruin anyone’s book reading experience so please read my words with caution.17 year old Karla Grey's life changed when she was bumped into by a handsome stranger named Lucas. He triggered a transformation within her body. Karla was taken from her home and thrust into a world of Shielders and Starkorfs. She also has an internal battle where Misfeata (an Elder) tries to take over her body from within. No big deal. Book 1 ended with Lucas betraying all the Shielders he grew up with. His family never really was killed off either. His blood has the remnants of Tyran (Misfeata's brother who was the first Starkorf). Karla now is on the run with Paul. He is the selfless boy from her old life that seems to want to protect her even if it means his life. Nearly two months have passed since Lucas betrayed the group and Misfeata within Karla fought against Tyran within Lucas's father. Karla is not healing like she should be which has left her weakened and vulnerable. She's on the run with Paul stealing adrenaline from small hospitals since it seems to be the only thing stopping her body from completely shutting down. Karla also has Misfeata's Immortal Blades of Aeisha. A new powerful player has emerged in dangerous world Karla was introduced to. She seems to want both her and Lucas. Will Karla be able to team up with the one who betrayed her? Can she keep ignoring how she feels about Paul and Lucas? Will she be able to let one of them go?Cliffhanger – yes (book 2 of series)POV - KarlaShow more"", 'Hold onto your hat!The second installment of this series begins where the first ended, Karla has been gravely wounded in battle and Paul is with her as they both struggle to keep her alive. The evil force, Misfeata, is dormant inside her during this mortal struggle but they must continue to look for answers – how can she be permanently quelled? Shielders, Starkofs, Elemental Breathers – all part of the new reality Karla is trying to reconcile. Her parents are still missing, the battles continue and there appear to be new enemies hunting Karla. Paul refuses to leave her side but Karla is still unsure how she feels about him. Lucas has betrayed her but he returns. What are his motives? How would the story end?From the opening sentence, the author continued to deliver a fast-paced plot in this urban fantasy/paranormal/fantasy story. Karla was a teenager maturing quickly; she had to as she faced such adult situations. I felt for her as she reeled from Lucas’ betrayal while struggling with her feelings for both him and Paul. More characters are introduced and the score card is full as I once again try to keep track of them all. The line between friend and enemy continues to be blurred but makes for exciting reading! From one twist and turn, drama-filled moment to the next, I was cheering and booing as I became totally immersed yet again. I love the writing style and am still surprised at the maturity of the storytelling of this new author. No closure with this installment but I eagerly await the next!Show more', ""Good Vs. Evil and Boy vs. Boy for the affections of the girl. Tyran and Misfeata continue their quest to try to kill one another through their human hosts in this book. Karla finds help from some unlikely folks that you would not expect. She also finds traitors in her midst that you would not expect. Who will win out in this book? Is it Tyran? Is it Misfeata? Is it Paul or is it Lucas? What happens to Karla? Does she finds her parents or doesn't she? Who took her parents? These are all questions that get answered in this book. Part three should be an epic conclusion to this series. The fight scenes are deep, well written, and intense. The draw of her feelings for both Paul and Lucas really come out in this book. You really must read this book to find out if Lucas is truly one of the bad guys or one of the good guys. This book was a gift to me from Kia Carrington-Russell, so that I would be able to write a review.Show more"", ""Wow! I am sitting here speechless after this book. I don't know if the words I am about to say will do this book justice. Once again we are with Karla and tye ride that fate as given her. Only this time she has a reason to fight and that is to find her parents. She also has Paul with her and she has to keep him alive. When she runs into Ashley and Scott her life is once again turned upside down when he says he knows where her parents are. Then Lucas and a mysterious woman shows up. Can they all race to save her parents? Can Karla keep her feelings away? I give this a 5 fang review. Reviewer for PRATR. Show more"", 'From beginning to end you will never be disappointed. Kia writes beautifully and gives such amazing depth to everything from characters, places featured in her writing, even emotions. I have to say I am still a Team Ashley supporter but you did manage to make persuade me into liking someone else also. Loved it and really keen to see what happens next.MUST READ YOU WONT BE DISAPPOINTED ~ Gemma A Xoxo Show more', ""While I am not a huge fan of this genre (long, epic adventure) this particular series is extremely entertaining! I'm usually a read 'em and forget 'em kinda girl. I love fluffy romance and crime/suspense novels. Cut.dry.etc... This series has MEAT! Magical foes, possession by Elder Immortals, vampire-like baddies... This series has it ALL! I just wish the next book was out already. The ending of this one was not at all satisfying! Show more"", ""I received this book from the author for an honest review! This series got even better in book 2! What an adventure! Can't wait for book 3!"", 'I was given this book for an honest review.Book 2 picks up with the search for Karla\'s parent that disappeared after she hooked up with Lucas and company. Even though Karla is trying to escape the burden of being the last person who Misfesta can possess, she is chased and hunted by the Starkorfs. But they are not her biggest worries... An elemental named Taskatae or ""mother"" is after her and she does not really know why. This story takes you on a crazy emotional ride as Karla tries to escape her responsibilities while running away under the guise of looking for her parents. She runs into Lucas along the way and over and over again he saves her life. The story frustrates you as Lucas swings from good guy to bad guy to good guy and you never know if he\'s going to screw her over again at every turn. Without giving away the story there are a lot of ups and downs and a wonderful cliff hanger ending which just makes you look forward to the final book and the final conclusion to the chaos.Show more', ""Just like the first book, it was amazing. All the betrayal and friendships and urgh! It was go good. To couldn't put it down, the story and plot just dragged you in until you finished the whole book. The ending though. Amazing. To be honest, there is nothing in the book that I don't like.I can't wait for the next book. I stopped myself from reading the sneak peak so I don't cry over how I have to wait. Show more"", 'After the great fight between Tyran & Misfeata, Karlas body is recovering. Misfeata has manipulated & possessed her body. She has to find a cure for herself & try to find her parents. Read along Karlas many journeys ', 'Awesome Book by Kia Carrington Russell. You will not want to miss this series.']"
307,Living Dead in Dallas,"Cocktail waitress Sookie Stackhouse is having a streak of bad luck. First her co-worker is killed, and no one seems to care. Then she comes face to-face with a beastly creature that gives her a painful and poisonous lashing. Enter the vampires, who graciously suck the poison from her veins (like they didn't enjoy it).The point is: they saved her life. So when one of the bloodsuckers asks for a favor, she obliges - and soon Sookie's in Dallas, using her telepathic skills to search for a missing vampire. She's supposed to interview certain humans involved, but she makes one condition: the vampires must promise to behave and let the humans go unharmed. But that's easier said than done, and all it takes is one delicious blonde and one small mistake for things to turn deadly....",2002,Charlaine Harris,7377,246277,291,Fantasy,3.96,[]
308,The Unlikely Pilgrimage of Harold Fry,"Meet Harold Fry, recently retired. He lives in a small English village with his wife, Maureen, who seems irritated by almost everything he does, even down to how he butters his toast. Little differentiates one day from the next. Then one morning the mail arrives, and within the stack of quotidian minutiae is a letter addressed to Harold in a shaky scrawl from a woman he hasn't seen or heard from in twenty years. Queenie Hennessy is in hospice and is writing to say goodbye. Harold pens a quick reply and, leaving Maureen to her chores, heads to the corner mailbox. But then, as happens in the very best works of fiction, Harold has a chance encounter, one that convinces him that he absolutely must deliver his message to Queenie in person. And thus begins the unlikely pilgrimage. Harold Fry is determined to walk six hundred miles from Kingsbridge to the hospice in Berwick-upon-Tweed because, he believes, as long as he walks, Queenie Hennessey will live. Still in his yachting shoes and light coat, Harold embarks on his urgent quest across the countryside. Along the way he meets one character after another, each of whom unlocks his long-dormant spirit and sense of promise. Memories of his first dance with Maureen, his wedding day, his joy in fatherhood, come rushing back to him - allowing him to also reconcile the losses and the regrets. As for Maureen, she finds herself missing Harold for the first time in years. And then there is the unfinished business with Queenie Hennessy.",2012,Rachel Joyce,19492,169558,320,Fiction,3.93,[]
309,I Am Malala,"I come from a country that was created at midnight. When I almost died it was just after midday.When the Taliban took control of the Swat Valley in Pakistan, one girl spoke out. Malala Yousafzai refused to be silenced and fought for her right to an education.On Tuesday, October 9, 2012, when she was fifteen, she almost paid the ultimate price. She was shot in the head at point-blank range while riding the bus home from school, and few expected her to survive. Instead, Malala's miraculous recovery has taken her on an extraordinary journey from a remote valley in northern Pakistan to the halls of the United Nations in New York. At sixteen, she has become a global symbol of peaceful protest and the youngest-ever Nobel Peace Prize laureate.I Am Malala is the remarkable tale of a family uprooted by global terrorism, of the fight for girls' education, of a father who, himself a school owner, championed and encouraged his daughter to write and attend school, and of brave parents who have a fierce love for their daughter in a society that prizes sons.",2012,Malala Yousafzai,24365,538094,327,Nonfiction,4.15,[]
310,Houdini Heart,"HOUDINI HEART harkens back to the masters of suspenseful supernatural horror: Poe, Lovecraft, Shirley Jackson, but speaks with a wholly fresh voice. Once caught in its pages, there's no escaping Longfellow's terrible tale. Weeks ago, she was one of Hollywood's biggest writers, wed to one of its greatest stars. The doting mother of their golden child. But now? She's alone, tortured by a horrifying secret no woman could bear. Pursued by those she can't outrun, anguished by a guilt she can't endure, and driven close to madness, she flees to the one place she's ever called home: a small town in Vermont where River House still stands. To a child, the splendid hotel was mysterious and magical and all its glamorous guests knew delicious secrets. Cocooned in its walls, she will write one last book. Her atonement? Or her suicide note? But life is never as you dream it, and River House isn't what she'd always imagined it was. Intense, literary, and harrowing, Houdini Heart is a tale of bone-chilling horror, emotional torment, and psychological terror. Gripped by River House, trapped in an aging hotel of mirrors only Houdini could escape, how much can haunt a mind before it too is only a thing once imagined? ""A haunting and disturbing journey through the psyche.""-Erika Mailman, Author of ""The Witch's Trinity""",2011,Ki Longfellow,225,5691,254,Horror,3.82,[]
311,Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them,"A copy of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them resides on almost every wizarding household in the country. Now, for a limited period only, Muggles too have the chance to discover where the Quintaped lives, what the Puffskein eats, and why it is best not to leave milk out for a Knarl. Proceeds from the sale of this book will go to improving and saving the lives of children around the world, which means that the dollars and Galleons you exchange for it will do magic beyond the powers of any wizard. If you feel that this is insufficient reason to part with your money, I can only hope most sincerel that passing wizards feel more charitable if they ever see you being attacked by a Manticore. 

-Albus Dumbledore

","re

",Newt Scamander,12107,385880,,Fantasy,3.97,[]
312,Club Dead,"Things between cocktail waitress Sookie and her vampire boyfriend Bill seem to be going excellently (apart from the small matter of him being undead) until he leaves town for a while. A long while. Bill's sinister boss Eric has an idea of where to find him, whisking her off to Jackson, Mississippi to mingle with the under-underworld at Club Dead. When she finally catches up with the errant vampire, he is in big trouble and caught in an act of serious betrayal. This raises serious doubts as to whether she should save him or start sharpening a few stakes of her own ..",2003,Charlaine Harris,5833,230492,274,Fantasy,4.01,[]
313,Suzanne's Diary for Nicholas,"Beautifully captures the joys of a new family as it builds to an overwhelmingly moving climax. This is an unforgettable love story, at once heartbreaking and full of hope.James Patterson has written a love story!--a powerfully moving and suspenseful novel about families, loss, new love, and hope. Katie Wilkinson has found her perfect man at last. He's a writer, a house painter, an original thinker--everything she's imagined she wanted in a partner. But one day, without explanation, he disappears from her life, leaving behind only a diary for her to read. This diary is a love letter written by a new mother named Suzanne for her baby son, Nicholas. In it she pours out her heart about how she and the boy's father met, about her hopes for marriage and family, and about the unparalleled joy that having a baby has brought into her life. As Katie reads this touching document, it becomes clear that the lover who has just left her is the husband and father in this young family. She reads on, filled with terror and hope, as she struggles to understand what has happened--and whether her new love has a prayer of surviving. Written with James Patterson's perfect pitch for emotion and suspense, Suzanne's Diary for Nicholas captures beautifully the joys of a new family as it builds to an overwhelmingly moving climax. This is an unforgettable love story, at once heartbreaking and full of hope.",2001,James Patterson,5175,147309,289,Romance,4.17,[]
314,Change of Heart,"The acclaimed #1 ""New York Times"" bestselling author presents a spellbinding tale of a mother's tragic loss and one man's last chance at gaining salvation.Can we save ourselves, or do we rely on others to do it? Is what we believe always the truth?One moment June Nealon was happily looking forward to years full of laughter and adventure with her family, and the next, she was staring into a future that was as empty as her heart. Now her life is a waiting game. Waiting for time to heal her wounds, waiting for justice. In short, waiting for a miracle to happen.For Shay Bourne, life holds no more surprises. The world has given him nothing, and he has nothing to offer the world. In a heartbeat, though, something happens that changes everything for him. Now, he has one last chance for salvation, and it lies with June's eleven-year-old daughter, Claire. But between Shay and Claire stretches an ocean of bitter regrets, past crimes, and the rage of a mother who has lost her child.Would you give up your vengeance against someone you hate if it meant saving someone you love? Would you want your dreams to come true if it meant granting your enemy's dying wish?Once again, Jodi Picoult mesmerizes and enthralls readers with this story of redemption, justice, and love.",2008,Jodi Picoult,6999,115306,448,Fiction,3.94,[]
315,Moon Called,"Mercedes Thompson, aka Mercy, is a talented Volkswagen mechanic living in the Tri-Cities area of Washington. She also happens to be a walker, a magical being with the power to shift into a coyote at will. Mercy's next-door neighbor is a werewolf. Her former boss is a gremlin. And she's fixing a bus for a vampire. This is the world of Mercy Thompson, one that looks a lot like ours but is populated by those things that go bump in the night. And Mercy's connection to those things is about to get her into some serious hot water...",2006,Patricia Briggs,9681,198480,288,Urban Fantasy,4.15,"[""The cover is shitPNR are all the sameMoon Called is still good.What could be better than a Haiku review?Well, other than a proper review, I guess...The thing is, I did REALLY enjoy this book - it has a lot to recommend itself to readers with. Mercy is a nice character. She's not a complete badass but she's not a push over either.There's a mystery - though the mystery was interesting it all came up kind of lame in the end.The writing is pretty good and even though the world building is stock-standard, it was a fun read.I guess the reason there isn't much to say is that these stories all tend to blend in together now.Mercy, Merit, Mac, Cat, Elena, Dru, Rose, Sunshine, Kate...Hell, I had to look up half the names because I'd forgotten them! It kind of makes me sad because, really, none of the above heroines really stick out from each other. They're all badass when they need to be, stubborn, strong, intelligent. There's nothing really individual about them. They all have some sort of super powers and attract the attention of some very nice literary eye candy.I'm kind of waiting for a PNR character to stick out a bit. Why is it that the men in this genre as so much more interesting than the women? Clayton's a crazy, antisocial werewolf - I'd never have to look up his name. Barrons is mysterious and totally three different kinds of awesome! Curran is violent and overbearing but has that whole bad-tempered, territorial softie going for him while Ethan, with his shrivelled, black heart is fascinating because you slowly watch his humanity return. Then there's Bones who is probably the most unique out of them all.Yet the men are all kind of the same too. They're all violent. At least it's an undercurrent of violence that hums beneath the surface. They're all painfully dominant, macho and likely to step all over the heroine if she doesn't use her attitude to make them back off. They all come to grudgingly respect their respective partners and are really passionate and demonstrative of their emotions.The most annoying trend of these books is that, in all likelihood, I will need to wait until book 4 before any horizontal, nekkid tangoing occurs! So whilst I will, no doubt, read the rest of this series and love every minute of it, I can’t help but bemoan the fact that it, so far, provides nothing new or interesting in a genre which proves that you literally can Write-By-Numbers.You will 'like' this reviewI so know that you doHit the button, bitch! [image error]If you don't, I'll send my pet T-Rex after you!Show more"", 'It pains me to say this (and I may lose my ""guy"" cred), but I\'m a big fan of the urban-fantasy sub-genre. While I tend to lean more towards male protagonists (i.e. Butcher\'s  Dresdan Files  and Green\'s  Nightside  series), I still love me a good, tough female protagonist. That being said, I was hesitant to pick this one up because of the abysmal Harlequin like cover. In my opinion, many of the current crop of urban-fantasy covers look like they belong in the romance section. Why do I even know what Harlequin is? Anyway, that being said, I\'m glad I picked this one up. I thought the main character of  Moon Called , Mercedes Thompson, is one of the more refreshing female characters I have come across in a long time. Her banter with the other werewolves is priceless, and writing good dialogue has always been Patricia Briggs strong point.This is the story of werewolves, vampires and fae, and the struggle they find living in a modern world that has no place for them. This is the story of a young coyote named Mercy who lives among a male dominated werewolf pack, which views all women as being weak. Basically, this is all about struggle, loyalty, honor, friendship, love and fixing cars.  Moon Called  is an inventive and fun read in a genre that is saturated with sameness. Much better than any current  Anita Blake  catastrophe, I happily recommend this one.Show more', ""I'm still loving my favorite coyote shapeshifter! Mercy I re-read this on audio and it was so strange listening to Lorelei King as the narrator. I was expecting Lula from Stephanie Plum to jump out at any moment! 😂But that is neither here nor there. It was sweet going back and listening from the beginning. And the Mercy and Adam thing. Everything was just so weird but still loving it. I missed Stefan and the scooby mobile images I always got. I think there is more of that in the next book though. I think I spelled his name wrong. Anyway. He's Mercy's vamp friends. And there was Bran for the first time 😂 He's a mighty fine werewolf. SHUT-UP 😂 Now I get to read about Mercy and Adam falling in love all over again. ❤️Mel ❤️Show more"", ""After all the reviews I had read about this book, I though this series would be over the top. Everybody was giving 5 stars to this book, and for that very same reason I had high expectations for it. Maybe that was the problem...It wasn't a bad read, just a VERY slow one. The first half of the book was REALLY boring and slow-paced, it only described the heroine and her life. Around page 100 comes this hot-sexy-alpha wolf who makes you think that the book is finally going to turn out more interesting; but then things get messed up when her previous lover appears.I was waiting for something to happen between Mercy and one of the two wolves, but it never did. The whole book was about problems with the Alpha's pack. The book has some very good action, but if you are expecting some romance don't even try this one. The only thing that happens between Mercy and one of this wolves is a kiss on the last page. That's it. Seriously. There's cero chemistry between the characters, cero awkward moments, nothing. I kept reading because I thought that this would change, but it never did. For most people the first book of a series always seems to be the worst because of all the world building information we get introduced to. Maybe it's just me, but after the second book, the feeling goes away and I get to enjoy a lot more the series. So I'll give the series another chance.Don't get me wrong, it was a good book, I enjoyed reading it, it's just that I got bored most of the time. And Mercy really needs to get her love-life going on a bit faster and entertaining. Maybe I couldn't enjoyed this book as much as I wanted to because I read it after series like psy changeling, the Black dagger Brotherhood, the night huntress and the immortals after dark. Any of those were definitely much better than this one.Show more"", '► BR with my \nMacHalo Freaks\n starting Nov 15, 2015.Note to self: you should review books right after reading them. When you don\'t you always end up lowering your original rating Oh well.I should be bummed about this. I really should. And I should be wondering why most people in the universe LOVE this book. Well, most people except my dear daughter Liz, that is. But she takes after her amazing father (aka me), meaning she has pretty spectacular book taste ← this is not making any sense? It\'s okay, it shouldn\'t. And yes, I am perfectly sane, thank you very much. Anyway, I\'m not bummed over this and I couldn\'t care less that I\'m one of two people who didn\'t like this book. Why? Because my not liking it means I can take another series off my TBR shelf!!!!! Victory!!!!! Okay, so I didn\'t like the book. It doesn\'t mean it\'s total crap though. It\'s not badly written. It\'s not a case of STOOPID. It\'s just an unimpressive, big ol\' MEH. And I\'m afraid meh has come to mean deadly in my world. Deadly boring and deadly lacking inspiration. So much so that I don\'t have much to say about it. So we\'ll just stick to a short list of pros and cons, shall we?① Mercy Thompson is a coyoteNo, she\'s not a coyote ALL the time, you silly. She\'s a walker. Yes, the Jane Yellowrock type of walker. Only that Mercy kind of sucks since she can only turn into one animal instead of a whole zoo like our dear girl Jane. But hey, I still like Mercy more than I do Jane-the-tea-snob-and-walking-contradiction. Anyway, the whole coyote thing is pretty cool and a lot more refreshing than your basic were-stuff. That\'s good. Yes. It really is. Absolutely ← this is me trying to think of anything else I like about Mercy. But failing miserably. ② Mercy Thompson is a car mechanicHey! The chin rubbing scheme worked! I just remembered something else I liked about Mercy! Yay me! So yes, I do like the fact that she\'s a car mechanic. That\'s surprisingly refreshing fact #2 for you. I don\'t understand why Briggs felt the need to mention she had a history degree, though. Is that supposed to make her appear more intelligent? Because car mechanics without a degree are supposed to be stupid? Huh. It doesn\'t add much to her character so I don\'t really understand what purpose it serves. Much like the ""I\'m religious, I go to church every Sunday, blah blah blah"" side of her persona. It doesn\'t make much sense and doesn\'t really fit her character either. I don\'t know, the whole thing just feels weird and I don\'t understand where it\'s coming from (her foster parents? Her Pack upbringing? Huh again). It simply doesn\'t add up in my little head. Hey, wait a minute. This is supposed to be the cons section, right? Right. That\'s what I thought. Be positive Sarah, be positive. You can do this. There must be tons of other pros here.③ Trying to think of something… Trying to think of something…Oops, sorry. Definitely not working. Moving on.① The boredom festThe premise is interesting enough but the book is a big, huge YAWN. Your basic, unoriginal UF story (unoriginal, boring werewolves! Unoriginal, boring vampires! Unoriginal, boring fae! Yay! ☢ sarcasm alert ☢ ← pointing this out just in case) + WAY too many detailed descriptions of EVERYTHING + uninteresting digressions galore + slow-paced plot =② The most resistible, lackluster, unexciting, uninspired male characters everNot a single harem candidate here. Not. A. One. Quite an achievement when you think that, apart from Mercy and a 15 year old kid, it\'s an all-male cast. Well done, Ms Briggs! I\'d say that 95% of your male characters are boring as hell. Okay, I guess Zee is alright but I can\'t say he\'s that fascinating either. Stefan and his Mystery Machine might have potential but you don\'t get to see much of him here (and no, I won\'t bother with the rest of the series just to find out how hot he supposedly is). Then we have Samuel, who is not only boring but also a complete douchebag. He thinks he knows better than anyone else, too! Because, you know, he\'s a DOCTOR. Wow. I\'m so impressed right now ☢ sarcasm alert ☢  ← pointing this out just in caseAnyone else not worth mentioning? You bet! Bran, the most boring Alpha ever and his buddy Adam, most boring Alpha ever #2. I swear these two must be the less imposing, awe-inspiring, frightening, fearsome Alphas in the history of Alphas. Gentlemen, may I suggest a 6-month internship at the Keep with His Furriness? I\'m pretty sure it would work wonders for you and your less than intimidating personas. Have faith! Believe! You can do this! You can be scary baddasses, too! Maybe. In another life. Or something.→ Okay, so you\'re wolves and not lions. Could you please stop being so ridiculously detailed-oriented for a minute? Besides, you could definitely use a little RAWR practice. Trust me on that one.③ The Love Triangle of DeathWhat\'s worse than a Love Triangle of Death? A Love Triangle of Death with two male characters that have less personality than barnacles. Yet another outstanding achievement on Ms Brigg\'s part. You have to admit it really takes a lot of talent to make a love triangle yawning material. Love triangles in books tend to bring out the homicidal maniac in me and I feel the sudden urge to stab a few things whenever I come across one. But here? The love triangle is as unexciting and dull as the rest of the book. I do not give a damn about the love interests. I do not give a damn who Mercy ends up with.Actually, I\'d be more excited if she ended up dating Medea the cat. No, I am not kidding here. I mean, the cat is named Medea! Isn\'t that awesome in itself?! Medea rocks, people! I\'m pretty sure it\'s Brigg\'s only inspired idea here. More inspired than her choosing Mercy\'s freaking neighbour, Adam, as a love interest. Especially since the guy acts like he\'s her father most of the time. But even less inspired is the idea of ridiculous Samuel wanting to have Mercy for her BABIES. GAH. GAH. GAH. ← this might remind the most ancient GR users of this. Now try to get it out of your head. You\'re welcome. At this point in the story I seriously considered putting a bullet through my little head. Then I got distracted because one of my eyeballs popped out of its socket after eyerolling too much. Sigh. Reading can be such a painful physical experience sometimes. ④ The emotional wastelandSince first writing this review, I\'ve been trying to understand why this book didn\'t work for me. Sure, I thought it was boring, didn\'t like the male characters and blah blah blah. But there was something else I couldn\'t put my finger on. And then last night, TADA, I saw the light! Sudden flash of inspiration and all that! I think it all comes down to the absolute flatness of it all. The characters are about as emotional as rocks. I\'m pretty sure zombies have more life in them than the comatose bunch on display here. No matter what happened, I never felt anything and couldn\'t bring myself to care: Mercy is supposed to have conflicted feelings over Samuel? Okay, I believe you. Mercy was supposedly scared to death during the scene with the vampire mistress? If you say so. She is supposed to feel something (whatever it might me) for Adam? Sure, right, of course. No emotion, no passion, no warmth, no sympathy, no intensity, no pleasure, no pain, no excitement, NOTHING. This book is flatline paradise.►► Okay, it\'s recap time here: we have one pro, another pro that is a con in disguise, and 4 cons. Sounds like a total winner to me. Bye bye, Mercy Thompson, it was nice not reading the rest of your adventures.· Book 2: Blood Bound ★★ ← I didn\'t want to DNF read it! They forced me!Show more', '\nDance when the moon sings, and don\'t cry about troubles that haven\'t yet come.\nThis review is so long overdue, as I read this book twice within a year and am still just now getting around to typing up my thoughts! Don\'t let that make you think for a moment, though, that it\'s because I don\'t have anything to say about Moon Called, because believe you me, I do. Some back-story here: paranormal fantasy was one of my favorite genres as a teen, but when I hit adulthood, it became popular for people to make fun of the genre (thanks, Twilight), and I\'m willing to admit that peer pressure shoved me right out of my love for books like this. Now, at 26, I\'m so glad I\'ve learned to stop giving a crap about what other people think of my taste in books, because damn, Mercy Thompson is fun.\n""Love thy enemies,"" it says in the scriptures. My foster mother always added, ""At the very least, you will be polite to them.""\nPatricia Briggs just has this writing style I can\'t help but love. It\'s not flowery or over-the-top; it\'s just quick-paced, enjoyable, and full of character development. At the time that I\'m writing this review, I\'ve read a few of her novellas and two novels (like I said, having read this one twice), and there\'s never been a bored moment for me in any of them. In fact, it\'s the opposite — I find that once I pick up a Patricia Briggs story, I can\'t stand putting it down until it\'s over.\nSamuel\'s shoulders shook slightly. ""I can see it now, Mercy holding a roomful of vampires at bay with her glowing sheep.""\nIt\'s not just that the plot was fun (though it was), but more than anything, these characters are so immediately lovable that I couldn\'t possibly have disliked this book. Mercy is so to-the-point and down to business, and she\'s surrounded by the best side characters, whether it\'s Samuel\'s witty jokes or Adam\'s quiet sarcasm, or even Bran\'s general state of ""I don\'t have to show off because I already know I can kick your ass to kingdom come"" living. The pack dynamics are pretty solid, too; there\'s a lot of emphasis on how the alphas aren\'t just there to boss everyone around, but they\'re also protectors and leaders, and it makes for a really good time.\n""Don\'t lick the guests, darling. Bad manners.""\nThere\'s also a slew of non-werewolf/shifter characters, such as the fae folk and vampires, which I think is such a fun addition. I feel like, as a teen, all of the werewolf books I read were just about wolves, or maybe about wolves and vamps, but never fae folk, etc. It could easily get overwhelming with the vast number of characters you meet in this fairly short novel, but Patricia Briggs has this way of giving them all such distinct personalities that I never struggled to keep anyone separate.\n""Mine,"" he said.""I don\'t think so. She is mine.""It would have been flattering, I thought, except that at least one of them was talking about dinner...\n———MercyVerse — Author\'s Order (MT, A&O, novellas, etc.):novellas: in progressGN — Homecoming: ★★★☆☆MT — #1 Moon Called: ★★★★☆AO — #0.5 Alpha & Omega: ★★★★☆AO — #1 Cry Wolf: ★★★★★AO — #2 Hunting Ground: MT — #2 Blood Bound: MT — #3 Iron Kissed: MT — #4 Bone Crossed: MT — #5 Silver Borne: MT — #6 River Marked: AO — #3 Fair Game: MT — #7 Frost Burned:AO — #4 Dead Heat:MT — #8 Night Broken:MT — #9 Fire Touched:MT — #10 Silence Fallen:AO — #5 Burn Bright:Show more', ""What a great addition to the urban fantasy genre. Mercy is a likeable and engaging protagonist. She doesn't come off as invincible and inhuman in her buttkicking abilities, yet at the same time, she is comfortable in her own skin and can hold her own.The universe is interesting, much like the world we live in, save the addition of preternatural creatues such as werewolves, vampires, fae, and coyote shifters like Mercy, which seem quite rare.I enjoyed the description of the pack dynamics and Mercy doesn't quite fit into the werewolf packs, yet at the same time is an integral part of them. She has an interesting relationship with the Marrok, Bran, who is the acknowleged leader of all the werewolves in North America, and somewhat like a father figure to Mercy, Samuel, the firstborn of Bran, who Mercy almost married/mated to, and Adam, the alpha of the pack of werewolves where Mercy lives, in the Tri-Cities area. Out of the three, Adam is my favorite. He was very attractive to me in his personality and how he interacted with Mercy. I can't get enough of him. Samuel also had some seductive traits to me. He is strong but gentle at the same time. He clearly has feelings for Mercy that are unresolved. There are other secondary characters that truly caught my interest and that I want to read more about. Mercy has an interesting relationship with both Adam and Sam, and that is sure to play a major role in later installments. I much say Mercy is surrounded by beautiful, powerful, intriguing men (of various origins). I like the way Briggs' made Mercy stand out. She saved Adam's life more than once, but she is also very aware of her limitations. Mercy's an auto mechanic and runs her own shop, which is how she gets entangled in the situation that arises in this book. It's great to see a heroine who has such dimensions to her.The magic elements were arresting, particularly as this book showed the magic of the werewolf and the pack, how their strength draws from the alpha and gives back to him. It was really enjoyable to read about. As a werewolf lover, this did my heart good. There are also some vampire elements in this book for those who are of the fang persuasion. And yes, for the faery lovers, there's even a little of that sprinkled in this book. Although this was not a long book, it was a veritable hearty meal for urban fantasy lovers.All in all, a great start to a series that I definitely want to continue reading.Show more"", 'After attempting to read ""Moon Called"" at least 5 times I am finally giving up. There is absolutely no chance I will ever read the sequels, so why bother?I am a fan of urban fantasy and this novel is very highly rated by readers, so it is surprising that I disliked it so much. My expectations for urban fantasy are not huge: well developed lore, engaging paranormal mystery and one or two sexy supernatural hunks to swoon over. I don\'t care how formulaic it is, as long as it is written well. ""Moon Called"" managed to disappoint me on all fronts. I found Mercy\'s world uninteresting, messy in its blend of weres, vamps, fae, and witchcraft, its introduction awkward, the entire concept of weres being immortal and people becoming young again after turning was contrived, and constant dominant-submissive explanations were extremely boring. The mystery took way too much time to get to. As for hunks, I was pretty much over the story when I found out one of two Mercy\'s love interests was almost 200 years older than her and was trying to marry her when she was 16 to get him some werepups. Mercy, for all her supposed toughness, cried every two pages and acted rather immaturely. And lastly, there was absolutely no romance/smut in this book and won\'t be, from what I\'ve heard, until book 4 (but there will be a rape scene in book 3). Who cares to read this kind of urban fantasy? I know I don\'t.Show more', ""Buddy Read (or re-read, in my case) with Kat, Krishna, Sara, and Sesana.Disclaimer: I may have bullied them into reading this...All of these guys gave it a 'gentle' 3 stars. Even Sesana ,who probably would have rated it lower, had I not threatened to go after her beloved Les Misérables, was kind. Thank you!So, with none of my pals really loving this one, coupled with the fact that I read it 5 years ago, I was fully prepared to change my rating from the original 4 stars.I did tend to rate things a bit on the high side back in the day...But I still loved it!Maybe part of the reason is nostalgia? Maybe it's because I've continued with the series over the years, and the characters have changed and grown, so it's nice to take another peek back at where it all started?Or maybe it's just my kind of book, and I still love it?*shrugs*Who knows?I had totally forgotten everything that happened in this story, though.Thanks to my poor memory, it was like I was reading a brand new book!Bonus!Here are the 2 main things I like about Mercy:1. She's not all-powerful. In fact, most of the time, she's the weakest person in the room. So going up against werewolves, vampires, or fae isn't something that she is expected to do. The strong must protect the weak...and all that.She does it because she cares about people, and it's the right thing to do.Which makes her really brave, in my book.2. She knows when to back down from a fight.I can't tell you how annoyed I get with some of the heroes or heroines in books. The ones who don't have the good sense God gave them to know when to shut up, stand down, and eat a little humble pie.Must. Prove. I'm. A. Badass!It's a lot harder to back down when you're angry than it is to mouth off.However, sometimes it's the better part of wisdom.As long as a character is backing down to avoid a bloodbath, it makes me like them a great deal more than the idiots whose pride won't let them take an insult.Whatever the reason, Mercy's my kind of gal.I'm sticking with the original 4 stars!The only real problem I have with this one is the cover.In an embarrassing turn of events, my son picked it up to see what I was reading. And then proceeded to laugh at the cheesy PNRish cover.Kid: Let me guess. She hates her parents?Me: Why would you think that?Kid: She's coated in tattoos. Probably did it to piss her parents off.Me: Um? *looks down a tiny tattoo on ankle*Kid: And she's Native American, obviously, because of the feather earring.Me: Uh-huh.Kid: No offense, Mom, but she looks really slutty.Me: Ok...well, I'm not really sure what they're trying to say with that cover.Kid: I do. *snorts* Perverts, come read me!Me: *blushes...snatches book away*Don't you have homework to do, or something?!Show more"", ""March 2020 reread, just because. I think I'm going to end up rereading the whole series. :)Full review, first posted at www.fantasyliterature.com:Mercy Thompson is an anomaly: a female automobile mechanic who owns her own shop, half Native American, and ― in a world with werewolves, vampires, fae and other supernatural beings ― she is one of a very few “walkers,” or skinwalkers, able to easily shapeshift into a coyote at will, without regard to phases of the moon. When Mercy surprised her human mother by turning into a coyote pup when she was three months old, her mother, not knowing what else to do, turned her over to be raised by a werewolf pack. Mercy left the pack as a teenager, but still is watched over by the werewolves, particularly Adam Hauptman, the alpha werewolf who shares her back fence line and with whom she has a sometimes uneasy alliance. Their relationship is a confusing mix of attraction and, on Mercy’s side, bravado tinged with fear that the alpha werewolf will override her free will and autonomy.When a starving teenage boy shows up at Mercy’s garage asking for food and work, her acute sense of smell tells her that he’s a werewolf. She realizes that the boy, who calls himself Mac, understands nothing about werewolf society and rules and needs Adam’s help to survive and thrive. The problem of Mac becomes more acute when two strange men show up and try to recapture Mac to take him back to their enclave. Mercy overhears them arguing about cages and drugs, and she determinedly intervenes to rescue Mac from the threatening strangers, but the situation turns out to be far more complicated than she could have imagined. Mercy soon needs to return to her original werewolf pack for help ― even though it means that she will need to face Samuel, the werewolf that she loved and left as a sixteen year old.The plot of this first book in the Mercy Thompson series revolves around a mystery: who is creating new werewolves in such an uncontrolled and dangerous manner, and why? I found this mystery to be the weakest element in the book, with a resolution that didn’t entirely hold water. Also unfortunately, the overused love triangle trope is part of the plot of Moon Called, but at least it’s got a decent rationale and isn’t oversold. I appreciated that this book is not sexually explicit, which is a refreshing change of pace in the urban fantasy genre.It’s been interesting taking on Patricia Briggs’ Mercy Thompson series after reading several books in Ilona Andrews’ Kate Daniels series. Although both series feature entertaining, well-developed urban fantasy worlds and with strong women protagonists, Mercy is more vulnerable and unsure of herself than Kate Daniels, as John also notes with approval in his review. Kate is great fun with her enormous kickass abilities, but Mercy is ultimately the more believable character. Her intelligent, no-nonsense narration is one of the strengths of Moon Called. I admire the tremendous scope of imagination the Ilona Andrews team has shown in creating Kate’s world, but I also appreciate the more realistic (if one can say that of an urban fantasy), down-to-earth world of Mercy Thompson.3.5 stars.Initial post/mini review: For some reason I read the second book in this Mercy Thompson series first (oh, yeah, this book was checked out at the library at the time, and I really wanted to try out this urban fantasy series). I liked it pretty well, but I have to say everything just made so much more sense once I finally got around to checking out this book! In fact, I actually checked out the second book again, as well as the third book, just so I could put all of the pieces together. So, don't do like I did. Start here, at the beginning. But keep going even if you're not terribly impressed with this first book; they get better as they go along.If you like urban fantasy, with werewolves and vampires and suchlike (this one also throws in fae and witches), this is a worthwhile one. We've already got a love triangle starting here that lasts at least through the second book, so minus some points for that, but at least it's got some decent reasoning behind it and isn't oversold.Show more"", ""It's now been a decade since Moon Called was published, and it remains a solid, reliable series in the urban fantasy genre. My first time reading it, I pretty much loved it. It has steady action, an intriguing female lead and decent world-building. It also has a gentle romantic build, a relief in a genre that is frequently focused paranormal sexy-times. If it is a little predictable, it's with the assurance that the experience will be satisfying and familiar, the literary equivalent of homemade bread.Mercy is a half Native-American who is able to shapeshift into coyote form. She is a mechanic who owns her own business, thanks to the assistance of Zee, a metalsmith gremlin Fae who recently retired when the lesser Fae were forced to 'come out.' Although werewolves still live a secret existence, Mercy knows there is a large pack in the area, ever since Adam, pack leader, built a house on the property next to her trailer. When a newly-made werewolf shows up on Mercy's doorstep, she takes steps to protect him and facilitate his entry into the local pack. Unfortunately, disaster soon strikes with Adam and the pack being attacked, and Mercy finds herself drawn into protecting Adam. Helping him will mean dealing with emotional ties left hanging from her teenage years.World-building is decent, as it attempts to integrate the creatures and powers of urban fantasy into a more mundane world. The idea of reservations for fae is intriguing, and will come to play later in the series. Vampires are given a standard horror-tinged persona, with the exception of Stephen, a vampire with an affection for Mercy. Language sophistication is average to above; Mercy has a degree in history and a couple years of German language, so she's able to bring insight and perspective to the mythos around her. As a first book and introduction to the world-premise, there's a lot of set-up. I felt most of it did not seem overly intrusive; in the beginning, Mercy distracts the young wolf with information about the pack, and then further information is given in context of Mercy's own history. There is a lot of hints for future development with both Fae and vampires.There's a lot here that's solid, even if it has become somewhat stereotypical for the genre. While Mercy could be characterized as a 'Speshul Snowflake,' I think Briggs takes definite steps to mitigate the characterization through acknowledging the physical power difference of the coyote and her generally reduced physical abilities compared to werewolves. It's also clear that to know Mercy is not necessarily to love her (in contrast to Meg in The Others series by Bishop). While the female antagonism in the story could be a detraction--the story fails the Bechdel test--it's origin in Mercy's potential fertility has the potential for interesting metaphors about female empowerment. As expected for the genre, Mercy finds herself the focus of interest by two different and powerful werewolves. To her credit, she's pretty consistent in reminding them she actually belongs to no one but herself.It isn't an edgy, boundary-pushing series, nor is it filled with one-liners or ass-kicking. It's a quieter, solid little story; the literary equivalent of warm homemade bread with butter. It holds up to re-reading, and as a final ring of endorsement, was worth hardcover inclusion in my library.Re-read May 2016Show more"", 'Seems I\'m on an Urban Fantasy kick right now! I\'ve had this book on my shelf forever because a few people recommended it, but every time I picked it up to read, I saw the cover art of Mercy with her bare mid-drift and cleavage and though ""ugh"" another one of those heroines that are bad-ass and probably stubborn with a chip on her shoulder, etc... (I love strong female protagonists, but some are really annoying when they refuse all help). But I was looking at the book for an article I was writing about fantasy novels and read a short except on the first page and was intrigued.I\'m so glad I gave this book a chance. I was hooked almost right away - I loved that she\'s a mechanic and I also appreciated the realistic details! When she shoots a gun - it\'s LOUD and she loses her hearing for a while - that\'s what happens when you don\'t wear ear protection. She gets hurt - like a broken arm when she\'s fighting werewolves - thank you!My only reason for not giving that last star is due to the reason for everything that happened. I thought Gerry wanting to stop Bran to keep the werewolves from going public was a excellent reason for everything that happened and for all the people who died, but when it turned out he just wanted his father to accept his wolf - that was a disappointment. Yes, it\'s a motive, but the lengths Gerry went to, just didn\'t match - I\'m sure there were other ways to get his father to fight.I\'m looking forward to reading more in this series!Show more', 'I was super happy to discover a new PNR series and after reading Patricia Briggs 1st book in her Mercy Thompson series….I was beyond happy…excited more like it!!!!Mercy Thompson – \n\na natural born coyote shape shifter, auto mechanic and owner of a garage, sensible, together, strong and independent, lives in the Tri-Cities are of Washington, amidst a world of humans and supernaturals – vampires, walkers, werewolves, fey, witches…..The storyline revolves around the murder of a young boy, employed by Mercy, who tells her, before he’s killed that he had been turned unwillingly and that this a secret party carrying out experiments on werewolves. When Adam Hauptman her next door neighbor and leader of the local wolf-pack is attacked and his daughter kidnapped, Mercy takes matters into her own hands…despite Adam being a bit of a twit of a neighbor…\n\nMercy takes him to the Marrok…leader of all wolf-packs in North America, asking for help.Whilst there’s not much of a romance story here, I think that the triangle between Mercy, Samuel and Adam is going to develop in a way I am not sure how. For me, I hope its Adam…Mercy does feel a thing for this sexy and hot werewolf \n\nAn interesting and believable plot with characters that are appealing and sympathetic and relatable, suspense and mystery, surprises and red herrings that are totally unexpected when revealed.I really like the world building the author has created and she manages to bring something fresh and new ideas into the PNR world.My favorite quote: \n\nShow more', ' WARNING! This review includes fanart and random images (done by me) ^.^V Welcome, to the Urban Fantasy genre!The place where magic and legends blend seamlessly with our reality. The place where each one of us has to decide...Cause we all know sometimes ... humanity isn\'t entertaining enough.---------------------------------------The supernatural communities have lived hidden in our world for generations until, finally, the fae decided to come out (or at least the weaker and prettier ones). As humanity is trying to adjust to the new addition living among them, the rest of the supernatural creatures are trying to deal with their own roles in society. Some would prefer to remain hidden, such as the vampires, while the werewolves are contemplating to reveal themselves to the public as well. Witches don\'t really care, everyone thinks they are some hippy religious group which dances naked under the full moon anyways.  WRONG!And in the middle of everything comes Mercy Thompson, a half native American mechanic who can turn into a coyote. Having the alpha of a pack of wereloves as your neighbour, a powerful fae as your ex-boss and a vampire among your clients who happens to be a huge Scooby Doo fan, is just one of the few things Mercy has to deel with on every day basis. So when a teenage boy, recently turned werewolf, knocks on the door of her garage office, seeking employment and shelter, Mercy isn\'t fazed at all ... until someone tries to kidnap the boy and threatens not only her, but the peace between the supernatural and the human world. --------------------------------------There are a few titles that tend to pop up when we google ""Best Urban Fantasy books"" and, whether we like it or not, Patricia Brigg\'s Moon Called is usually among the top of the list.So what is it that makes this series stand out? There are several possible answers to this question:But seriously, with 10 books out already and with the huge variety in the genre, is Mercy Thompson worth investing your time and money? \nHere are a few things that impressed me personally.\n-----------------------------------------------Disclaimer: This review will consider the first 10 books without any spoilers.\n1. THE WORLD (aka. the way the different creatures fit in our world)\nWEREWOLVESWerewolves are more than just humans who turn fury at least once a month -the humans coexist together with the wolf inside them. That\'s why, a werewolf in his human shape often behaves like pack animals by instinct - they follow their alpha\'s orders, they submit to or try to dominate other pack members in order to move up the chain, hunt together and help eachother out. Whether a pack is thriving or not, depends on the alpha\'s strenght and ability to dominate and support them. Adam from the Columbia Basin Pack (Tri-Cities, Washington), his second - Darryl and his third- Warren.The Columbia Basin Pack is lead by Adam Hauptman, an ex-soldier and Mercy\'s current neighbour (whom she enjoys tormenting).VAMPIRESVampires are another popular race in the books and a one that causes humanity more harm than good. Despite the numerous ways a vampire can be killed, finding the resting grounds of one is quite difficult. Therefore their existence is better to avoid public knowledge. Just like the werewolves, social structure is really important - a community of vampires is called a seethe which is ruled by a master (although some vampires can be very territorial and prefer to live alone). Stefan, the friendly neighborhood vampireIn order to remain hidden, each vampire owns humans(also known as ""sheep"") from which to feed on and share their blood with. In time, as long as they survive, a ""sheep"" can turn into a vampire if they and their master so ""chose"" to.FAEMost of the fae in America inhabit one of the four Fae reservations in the country. The ruling fae, aka. The Gray Lords, are the truly beautiful and dangerous ones who remain hidden from humanity. Nevertheless, Mercy is surrounded by other powerful fae, including Zee, her ex-boss and friend, who possesses the rare ability of manipulating iron which is usually deadly for his kind.The fae are extremely protective of their families, even if they are human or half-human.WALKERSWalkers are of Native American descent and are born with the ability to shape-shift into a specific animal. They are generally the offspring of a human and a Native American Diety or their decendants. Unlike the werewolves, the walkers do not have a ""split personality"" when it comes to their animals and can change forms in an instant. Unfortuantely, they\'re weaker and much easier to kill.There are also witches, gods, and a few others, but I don\'t want to bore you with details.\n2. THE CHARACTERS\nMercy isn\'t a strong and powerful character, she\'s rarely ever important or capable of dealing with the majority of the supernatural community, but she\'s brave. She doesn\'t try to save everyone, but she would go through hell to get you out of trouble if you ask her to. SIDE CHARACTERSI would be happy to read a whole book about the life of one of the vampires\' sheeps, the submissive werewolf in the pack or pretty much ANY of the side cast. Patricia Briggs knows how to introduce characters in a way that would spark your interest and leave you with just enough information that you would want to know more.\n3. AUDIOBOOK\nSuperb! Audio narration can add so many layers to the reading experience if the narrator fits well. Lorelei King does an Amazing job! Worth it! Update Book 10 has two narrators. I\'m not a huge fan of characters sounding different every time the narrator changes.\n4. COVERS\nThe British ones are nothing special, but the Americans...... Oh MY GOD! Such beauty cannot be expressed by mear words! I would buy hard covers just so I can gaze at the artwork...*drools*5. BENBen, the English werewolf who swears a lot.\nWHAT about the bad stuff\n----------------------------------1. PACING Not gonna lie, the pacing in some of the books was excruciatingly slow for me. From book 1 to 6 it\'s a hit and miss (3, 5 and 6 were the worst), but the series graudually and surely improves with time ....UPDATE Scratch that, I seriously struggled staying awake during book 10. Glad to see (judging from the reviews) that I was the only one, though. 2. CRINGY STUFF a. Treatment of women in these books can sometimes feel...uncomfortable. I wish the book rationalized it a little bit more. b. Some male characters are overly protective, overly possessive, overly controling and have the constant need to dominate ANYTHING, even furniture, to make themselves feel good. To be frank, I\'ve never met a man like that in real life, so as long as you know it\'s just fiction and don\'t get triggered by it, you\'ll be fine.3. LOVE TRIANGLEthat doesn\'t last for long. (thank God)4. ORIGINALITY (or lack of it)That\'s a major one! Mercy Thompson is one of the classics, dare I say, in the genre, but if you\'ve read quite a few Urban Fantasies already, I doubt this one will strike as anything unique or original. Bear this in mind.5. BOOK 10Book 10 has a non-linear timeline = me confused.com----------------------------------------Conclusion: Whether Mercy Thompson is one of the best Urban Fantasies today or if it\'s just another series that is barely worth reading among the huge diversity in this genre, it\'s up for each person to decide. As usual, a book can never be perfect, but if it is capable of immersing you completely into its world, then the flaws are inconsequential.Would I reread? Already have. The whole series in fact.Would I buy a Hardcover copy? Mmmm, just because of the artwork. Otherwise paperbacks are good enough.Would I recommend to a friend?  Ummmmmmmmmm, I would, but it all depends on how many urban fantasies you\'ve read prior to this one. If you DON\'T like Urban Fantasy in general, I doubt this one will change your mind. ---------------------------------Other awesome Urban Fantasies that I totally love and have reviewed (or would...soon).\n\nBitten (REVIEWED) need to fix fanart, so bad...- The first Urban/Paranormal Fantasy I\'ve read and the one that got me curious about the genre. It\'s a horror/mystery, featuring only werewolves, initially, and gradually introducing more species as the series progress. I lost interest around book 5 and the romance can be seriously messed up, but the first two books have a nostalgic value for me XD (Books in the series: 13, Status: Finished)\n\nHeartstrikers (REVIEWED) - One of the best Urban fantasies out there! It\'s hilarious, it\'s original, it\'s deep and it will most probably end up in your list of favorites. Whether it\'s humor, cute romance, interesting world-building, MEMORABLE quirky characters, dragon mafia or some of the most intense and epic fights, the Heartstrikers is the series for you! (Books in the series: 4 Status:Still continuing up to 5...I think) \n\nAlex Verus - (REVIEWED)Another one of my favorites! Who would\'ve thought that divination could be such an awesome power! A series that starts simple, packed with action, cool abilities and world-building, and gradually develops into a wonderful, complex story-telling! (Books in the series: 9 Status:Still continuing) \n\nFever - These books came out of nowhere and shook the whole community with its awesomeness.Not sure if the male audience will appreciate it as much as the female, but Fever has a unique mix of horror, gore, murder mystery, fae mythology, monsters and sexy dangerous dudes. Not to mention the setting, Dublin, and the descriptions are just breath-taking. These books made me want to visit Ireland, badly! Important! The series were supposed to finish at book 5, but the author decided to extend them. Some fans were extatic, many were horrified. I\'m one of those who tried the sequels and would recommend stopping at book 5. (Books in the series: 11 Status:Still continuing?, Recommendation: Read the first 5, continue at your own risk) \n\nAmerican Gods - And we can\'t talk about a book that features Native American mythology, without mentioning American Gods. My reread didn\'t go so well, but I\'ll leave this as a recommendation, just in case.(Books in the series:1 , Status: Finished)Happy reading!I can\'t believe this is done...Show more', 'I should have liked this. I really wanted to like this. After all, it promises so many of the things I love about the Urban Fantasy genre: kick-ass heroine, supernatural creatures, murder mystery and hot other-wordly men. I\'m actually not too demanding of the genre, Halfway to the Grave is one example of UF that is very light with little plot development and limited emphasis on the supernatural mystery element... and I really enjoyed it. If the author focuses on just one of the factors I mentioned above and milks that for all it\'s worth, sometimes I can forget about the lack of smutty fun and whatever else. In other words, an awesome heroine or just some funny banter can make a novel enjoyable, but this book just never seemed to deliver much of anything that I wanted to read.It was a natural choice being both from the genre that I love and also being very highly rated by other UF lovers. But for me, the whole murder mystery that was supposed to be the basic plot ended up taking a backseat to werewolf politics. Sure, introduce it at the beginning so we know what we\'re dealing with, but Briggs mentions it constantly throughout... after a few chapters I was thinking ""yeah, I get it, no one says no to the Alpha and women have zero say whatsoever"". It was sooo slow going through all the pack rules and regulations - do we really care? I didn\'t.Then, of course, Mercy Thompson was our heroine. But I found her rather wishy-washy, one moment she was all bad-ass and ""I take orders from no one"", the next she\'s in tears or cowering beneath a \'dominant\' male werewolf... ugh. Then you find out that Samuel, her first love, is 200 years her senior and wanted to use her in order to have his little werebabies. Briggs could have redeemed him easily if she\'d made him sexy and gave the reader the smut that (let\'s face it) they expect from good urban fantasy books. However, the most excitement we get in the whole novel is a drab kiss and, as I read in Tatiana\'s review, there is apparently no such sexiness until book 4. Credit where it\'s due, though, I thought Adam was hot.Anyway, why the hell did Briggs have to make Mercy a \'skinwalker\', which is apparently just another word in this sense for a \'werecoyote\'? I\'d rather she\'d have just been a human. It seems ridiculously lame, quite like a lot of the messy array of creatures that the author decided to shove into the novel. Perhaps she wishes to use the witches and fae later in the series, but then she could have just pulled a Charlaine Harris trick and introduced them as they became important to the storyline, rather than producing a long list in the first chapter. I\'ve never had much interest in the \'lesser fae\', like goblins, elves and sprites... it brings back too many painful memories of books like The Hobbit. That\'s a place I never want to return. I really can\'t see me getting the next book in the series, I so far haven\'t managed to muster up any interest in the life of Mercy Thompson. It\'s disappointing.EDIT: pg 129 of my edition: Mercy ponders the historical rumour about Queen Victoria and the laws against homosexual acts, stating that it is said that Queen V refused to believe that women would do such a thing, thereby making the law gender-biased and only specific to men. However, there is no record of this rumour until about 50 years ago when it began to circulate. Before that time it was unheard of, making it extremely unlikely to be anything more than a rumour. The gender specifics of the law is much more likely due to the all-male parliament of the time and the tendency to suppress female sexuality in victorian society - the MPS likely believed that \'perversions\' (as homosexuality was once perceived to be) were solely male.Show more', ""mercy, mercy.crushingly dull exposition of everything you already knew about werewolves and et cetera, served over the course of about two hundred and fifty pages of soul-withering conversation, with the requisite love triangle and weapon-listing and speyshul-snowflake-ing and seventy quintillion characters and a plot like a doily and fuck my life if i weren't so desperate to get out of my own head i would have set this on fire and then myself when the token gay human was not physically capable of watching a woman pull on a tee without at once being irrevocably compelled to fix her hairShow more"", 'Just as good the second time around 😀', ""Re-read for a third time March 29th 2020 and I'm upping my rating from 4 stars to 5! With each re-read my appreciation for the writing, characters, and story grows. The story was captivating even knowing what happens, and with each re-read I notice new things I missed previously. I've already started on book two! I listened to the audio again. Lorelei King's performance is perfection! She is Mercy Thompson to me!Re-Read March 19th 2017. Still awesome!Moon Called is the first book in the Mercy Thompson Urban Fantasy series, and it was a strong start. It was fun, fast paced, with strong characters and an engrossing plot. I love my female protags to have some spunk and be able to kick a little ass and Mercy Thompson ticks all those boxes and more!Mercy Thompson is a “walker” and can shapeshift into a coyote. Mercy isn’t a werewolf but she is very close to them after being raised by a powerful pack. At sixteen, she leaves after the pack Alpha sends her away to prevent her mating with his son, Sam. Now situated in the state of Washington as an auto mechanic, she comes under the Columbia Basin Wolves’ pack in a round-about way, under the charismatic, hot-tempered (and just plain HOT) Alpha, Adam. Not that she admits to it, mind you. Being a coyote she’s not obligated to be under any pack. When Adam is attacked and his teenage daughter, Jesse, is kidnapped, Mercy takes it upon herself to help him and track down his daughter. Mercy returns to her roots for help in unraveling this mystery and getting Jesse back safely. Her past and present collide in the form of Sam and Adam. We are tossed into Mercy’s world with her as our guide, and as a narrator she’s easy to like and root for. If you’re tired of frustrating or whiny female leads, Mercy is your girl! She’s a smart, witty, and feeds us just enough background information so we’re not lost in the story, yet doesn’t overwhelm with too many details. This makes me extremely happy because info dumping is a sure fire way to put me to sleep! I steeled myself to be patient with this book because I’ve come to realize that in UF usually the first book lays the groundwork for the whole series and might not be as satisfying or riveting because of that. This was not the case in Moon Called. I was immediately drawn into the story and it captured and held my attention just fine throughout. Also, because this is the first book in the series, the romance is just getting started. It seems possible for Adam or Sam to be the love interest, there’s definite chemistry between Mercy and both of them. But it does sway to one a little more than the other by the end. Moon Called wraps up nicely with the main mystery solved by the end, however, the story of the characters, and their relationships have just begun. I can’t wait to see how everything plays out and I’ve got the next one locked and loaded, ready to listen to. Lorelei King narrates this story and she is spot on! I’m familiar with this performer because she narrates the Charley Davidson series as well. She brings just the right amount of sarcastic inflection when needed to make the character’s wit and spunk come through loud and clear. She does a great job with the male voices as well, and most of the time it doesn’t even cross your mind that a female is narrating those parts. Her performance made the story come alive.You can find this review and more at The Readers Den.Show more"", ""I am officially late to this party. Then again, I've never been a huge fan of the whole werewolf thing and I've read a mountain of UF titles from other authors, so I felt like I could safely give this one a pass.Don't judge! It felt like a valid excuse especially because the title and series are insanely popular and so, therefore, SOMETHING might be very sketchy about it. I still remember Twilight, alas, BUT! This isn't anything like that. Good news! I mean, yeah, there's a skinwalker and lots of werewolves and vampires and witches in modern society and there's a subtext going on like most UF, BUT... there's something about the slow burn in Moon Called that's rather nice. Maybe it's the avoidance of outright paranormal romance, instead relying on a slow and steady *something*. Maybe it's the interesting pack politics, the interesting drugs, the backstabbing. Maybe it's the cool worldbuilding around the Fae or the distinctions between supernatural classes.Maybe it just clicked.I'm not saying I'm head over heels in love with this yet, but I did think it was solid and it worked for me. :)It was better than decent. :) I find myself interested in continuing. Considering the number of fans out there for the series, I have high hopes. It only gets better, they say. Well, we'll see! :)Show more"", 'I like you Mercy Thompson.I like you because you’re tough but not invincible.I like you because you’re brave but not stupid.I like you because you are a caring person but nobody’s fool.I like you because you make mistakes but you don’t place the blame elsewhere.I like you because you’re smart but not a show-off.I like you because you stand on your own among much more powerful creatures than you but you know your limits.I like you because you don’t give a damn about what others think of you but those that you care for.I like you Mercy Thompson, just the way you are.Show more', 'Sale Alert: Kindle deal 11Apr20 for $2.99Series Buddy Read/Re-read with Book of My Heart I\'m already a little behind but since it is just one book in the series a month I\'ll totally catch up soon.2nd Read: I remember liking Mercy overall in this series but not really getting into the series until around book three or four. Moon Called has a good intro to the world and the main players in it. I liked it possibly a little better the second time through but will keep my original rating of 3.5 stars. Original Review:3.5 starsWhat is it about Alpha men that is just grabs me and draws me in? I don’t know but this book is packed full of them and Mercy knows how to handle them all.\n“Mine"" he said.Adam\'s eyes narrowed. ""I don\'t think so. She is mine.""It would of been flattering,I thought,except that at least one of them was talking about dinner and I wasn\'t certain about the other.”\nI’ve read a lot of UF lately and I have to say that I very much enjoy the world of Mercedes Thompson. She is a Walker which is a shapeshifter that can only turn into a coyote. In the beginning I was thinking well that is kinda lame when there are fae, werewolves and vampires about, but was I wrong. She has such an interesting backstory of a coyote raised by wolves and she is a different kind of heroine. I really grew to like her.I think part of what makes this series interesting is that Mercy is different. She isn’t human but she also isn’t like anything else you read about in UF series. She is a mechanic who seems to have an odd collection of friends and acquaintances. The side characters really make the book, you can tell there are a lot of different directions the series can go in with all the various characters.Between the Alpha of the local pack Adam, who sometimes threatens to eat her cat and Stefan the vampire with a van painted like the Mystery Machine from Scooby Doo to the Fae Zee who seems to have some German heritage but definitely is more than he seems there is something for everyone. Each side character is distinct and different but all are powerful and Mercy seems to know how to play well with all of them.The mystery that Mercy gets drawn into is one of the better ones I have read. There are clues along the way to help you discover who the bad guy is but it isn’t obvious. With the help of an old boyfriend Samuel, Mercy will help the local Alpha Adam discover who is experimenting on new werewolves and killed a boy Mercy tried to take in. The world building is just starting but I think that it will go a long way across the entire series. There is a hint of a small love triangle, which I normally hate but it wasn’t an issue as it was a very minor point to the plot line. It never overshadowed the story and didn’t get ridiculous, as most love triangles seem to. Strong start to a series I will enjoy exploring more of it.Show more', ""I liked Moon Called. I enjoyed Mercy, Jessie, Adam, Sam, Stefan, and Zee. I liked the plot but I felt the book was slow going. It was a lot of info dump and I would have liked more interactions between Mercy, Sam and Adam. Since they are going to be a love Triangle and all it might have been nice to get to know a bit more about them. I liked Mercy with Adam the most but that's because I thought it was kinda a dick move what Sam did to Mercy when she was 16  Tried to get her to marry him because she was in love with him, but he didn't love her he just wanted her so she could give him babies. Plus he was 200 years old when she was 16 There was more action at the end a nice little date. Overall I enjoyed the read and will give book 2 a try. Show more"", ""\nSecond re-read: 05.09.2021\nI just couldn't get into the story this time. I really struggled. I'm having problems concentrating and with all the information this book has, I was bored. I started re-reading it for Adam but he's actually not that much in it and then there's the fact that he doesn't feel all that powerful, and you know me; I'm shallow as fuck - I need my men all powerful. I'm not continuing re-reading the series as I don't see the point in forcing me to finish it. I just skimmed this one, badly. Since I'm guessing it's my mood that is the cause of this, I'm not changing the rating. \n⋰⋱⋰⋱⋰⋱*Good Concept, But Tad Boring*⋰⋱⋰⋱⋰⋱\n \nSecond re-read: 03.07.2019\nThis series centers around Volkswagen mechanic and a walker (a magical being with the power to shift into a coyote at will),  Mercedes ‘Mercy’ Thompson. Mercy is someone who likes to keep to herself and work on cars, however, that doesn't mean other will leave her alone. Kidnappings, magic, dominance play, fights, darts, guns, exes, betrayals, close death experiences are just some of what appears in this book. It kinda has it all. However, I remember now what I found boring about this book; too much information. Seriously, there's so much information! I also struggle a bit with connecting with Mercy. I feel like she's holding us reads a bit a bay, like we're on the outside instead of in her head. I had hoped I would feel different this time around since it's been so long since I've read it, but no such luck. The concept of this series is still interesting, but it's not great enough for me to love it. That being said, it's still worth reading even though it's long and I still wish it had more depth to it than information. Unsure whenever I should continue with my re-read of the series or not.Other Characters:The list is long so I put it in a spoilers tag.→ Adam Hauptman, the Alpha of the local werewolf pack (the Columbia Basin Pack), and his human daughter, Jessica ‘Jesse’ Tamarind Hauptman (15).→ Samuel ‘Sam’ Llewellyn Cornick, his father, Bran ‘The Marrok’ Cornick, and his brother, Charles Cornick, a financial genius. In the US, all the packs follow the Marrok, a title taken from the name of one of King Arthur’s knights who was a werewolf. The Marrok and his pack have oversight of all the werewolves in North America. Bran's mate, Leah. Samuel is a medical doctor.→ Siebold ‘Zee’ Adelbertsmiter of the Black Forest, Mercy's former boss, had retired when he sold her the place, but he’d come out once in a while to “keep his hand in.” He's also a Metallzauber/gremlin.→ Medea, Mercy's cat.→ Stefan Uccello, a vampire and a somewhat friend of Mercy.→ Alan ‘Mac’ MacKenzie Frazier (15?), became a werewolf after an attack. Got killed at 20%.→ Elizaveta Arkadyevna Vyshnevetskaya, the cleanup crew leader. She was the most powerful witch in the Pacific Northwest. Her grandson, Robert.→ Tony Montenegro (33 or so), an undercover cop and Mercy's friend.→ Darryl Zao, Adam’s second. He was a Ph.D. engineer working at the Pacific Northwest Laboratories in some sort of government hush-hush project. Auriele, a chemistry teacher at Richland High and Darryl’s mate.→ Warren, one of the good guys, a hero, Mercy's favorite in Adam's pack. Warren is also Adam's best friend and most trusted in the pack, and his third. He was also a lone wolf; simply because he's gay and most of the werewolves in power in the US had been born in a time when homosexuality was anathema, even punishable by death in some places. → Kyle Brooks, Warren’s current lover and a lawyer.→ Ben, a werewolf in Adam's pack. British.→ Carter Wallace, the Aspen Creek veterinarian and became a werewolf a year ago, and still has no control. Gerry, his son and a werewolf. Carter went to sleep and never woke up at the end of the book. Samuel killed Gerry after the things he's done.→ Margi, Mercy's mother, Curt, Mercy's stepfather→ Tad, Mercy's old assistant and Zee's son.→ Signora Marsilia, Mistress of the Mid-Columbia Seethe (vampire).→ Leo James, one of the Chicago Alphas—there were two of them.→ Mary Jo, a firefighter with the Kennewick FD, and pack member to Adam.→ Sylvia Sandoval and her son, Gabriel Sandoval. Zee fixed her car and in exchange, Gabriel will work for Mercy.→ David Christiansen, the man who Changed with Adam and his old army buddy. His grandsons, Connor and John-Julian.\n\nHis voice was soft and sweet as molasses; but my mother once told me that you had to trust that the first thing out of a person’s mouth was truth. After they have a chance to think about it, they’ll change what they say to be more socially acceptable, something they think you’ll be happier with, something that will get the results they want. I knew what he wanted, what he had always wanted from me, even if—while he had been working on Adam’s injuries—Samuel, himself, had forgotten.\n\nQuick basic facts:Genre: - (Adult) Urban Fantasy (M/F)Series: - Series, Book One.Love triangle? - No.Cheating? - No.HEA? - Yes, for now?Favorite character? - Adam Hauptman.Would I read more by this author/or of series? - Sure.Would I recommend this book/series? - Sure.Will I read this again in the future? - It's me... I do love re-reading. Rating - Still the same.\nRe-read: 06.04.16\nIt's still good, but the rating is still the same. I guess that's good news, right? :DFirst read review:I like it! I didn't love it, but yeah, it was enjoyable and I found it had an interesting concept, with good characters. Looking forward to continuing the series. Hopefully it gets much better.Show more"", 'January 2018 Re-read. Buddy read with Sarah.January 2017 re-read: Mercy is one of my favorite characters to read about. This world is fascinating, and the characters (and their interactions) are fantastic.15 January 2016: $1.99 on KindleDecember 2015 re-read: Buddy read with SarahThis series is so comfortable. Like coming home. I love the world. I love the wolves - that they aren\'t ""nice"" all the time, they are sometimes at the whim of the animal that shares their body. But most of all, I love Mercy. She\'s smart, and practical. She\'s not uber-powerful (though she\'s definitely got some special stuff going on). There\'s a love-triangle, but it\'s well done, and Mercy doesn\'t string the guys along, and she still takes the time to make sure the decision is the one that she wants to make (also, I think it\'s fairly obvious from early in this book which way the wind\'s blowing on the love-triangle issue). The villain\'s plan (which I mention in my review below) is still really, really intricate - a little too intricate - but I can\'t say that it\'s not brilliant at the same time. One of my favorite parts of this series is that Mercy isn\'t as strong as the wolves, but she still holds her own, and often it\'s HER, her brain, her reasoning, her ability (to think without the impulses that rule the werewolves) that ends up being the key to winning. I think that\'s awesome. (Vague spoiler for rest of series: It does become a bit of a place of contention for me later in the series - when the wolves are ALWAYS knocked out of the fight in some way, shape, or form, so that Mercy can be the heroine. Because if the wolves aren\'t knocked out of the battle, then Mercy wouldn\'t be necessary to winning in a lot of cases. It\'s a minor complaint, and one that I deal with because the power (strength) dynamic in this series is handled really well in all other areas. That being said, I prefer my heroines to be as strong (though maybe in different ways) to the heroes (see Kate and Curran), in general. So, it\'s a minor, minor thing that bothers me more the further I get in this series. Small price to pay, though.)My other favorite thing, is the world itself. Though it starts out focused enough, in this book, in the Tri-Cities of Washington (state), the world is huge, and it\'s explored a lot more in both future Mercy installments, and the Alpha and Omega series (which honestly, you SHOULD read in the combined reading order, I think that offers a lot more enjoyment of both series). Primarily we get to deal with the wolves (almost always), the fae, and the vampires. But sometimes there are other things thrown into the mix, and sometimes there are really freaking powerful beings that come up. It\'s interesting and varied and there\'s never a dull moment. Then you throw in the human politics, and prejucides (on all sides) and things really start to get interesting. This series (the combined one of Mercy & Alpha/Omega) is one of my top 5 favorites, along with Kate Daniels, but I hesitate to really compare these two. This series is quieter - because the heroine is different, and some people won\'t connect with her in the same way - but I promise that it\'s just as intricate, just as well-written, and just as full of amazing characters in a fully-realized world.5 May 2014: $4.59 on Kindle ~ still an excellent deal!3 March 2014: $2.99 on KindleReview:This is one of my top favorite series. I re-read it at least once a year - often even more than that - and I\'m always sucked in, always so incredibly emotionally invested in the characters and what happens to them.I think, one of the best things about this book (and indeed anything I\'ve read by Patricia Briggs) is the balance she maintains. Mercy\'s not perfect. No one is. Everyone makes some mistakes, everyone deals with them - and it\'s not always pretty, or easy.I can easily root for Mercy (and all the others) because she feels real to me. She\'s smart, capable, funny and loyal - but that\'s not all. She knows her limits; doesn\'t like it when it makes more sense for someone stronger to take care of something, but lets them do it anyways because it\'s smarter and she fights for what she believes, even when it makes her quake with fear at the consequences.The Mercy Thompson world is another thing that\'s important to me. The world building has internal consistency and makes sense in and of itself. That alone is a huge thing in a market glutted with PNR and UF that uses paranormal aspects as window-dressing.I can never read this book without laughing, grinning, and sometimes tearing up. Six (Mercy) books later and I still miss a character that dies early in this book...I do have a couple of minor niggles with the....incredibly intricate plan that is the mystery, but it\'s not enough to take away from my enjoyment.I highly recommend this series to anyone and everyone.Show more', 'Harry Dresden, Jane Yellowrock, Mercy Thompson, Atticus O’Sullivan, Jade Crow and Pinocchio gather for a meeting of Urban Fantasy Protagonists support group. In a circle of folding chairs and while drinking coffee the group explore their feelings and discuss Patricia Briggs’s 2006 book Moon Called.Moderator: Harry, let’s not forget protocol.Dresden: Oh, sorry, forgot, um, I’m Harry Dresden. Wizard.Group: Hi Harry.Dresden: I guess it’s just tough being secretive, knowing there is a big world of Fae out there and unable to really talk about it. I mean, I’ve been doing this since the 90s and it hasn’t got much easier.Moderator: Well Harry, even though Mercy and Jane and Jade and Atticus came out in the new millennia, their troubles are still valid.Atticus: Right, and even though our universe has different rules, we’re still relegated to the shadows.Mercy: Yes, that’s true, and even though some Fae hove come out in my universe, it’s still tough, difficult to live by a different set of standards. In my universe, most of the magical entities are still widely unknown to most people.Jane: Ok, so I got started a few years later and magic is OUT in my world, it’s still not easy, I mean vampires having constitutional and contractual rights make things more out in the open, I still have to fight for my life against paranormal villains and bad guys.Pinocchio: All you 21st century “heroes” make me sick! You know what it was like being an Urban Fantasy protagonist in the 40s? Do you? OF COURSE YOU DON’T! That was during the WAR brother, the WAR, and you think we had support groups back then? HELL NO!Moderator: Pinocchio, we know and understand, and RESPECT, your senior status but you must acknowledge the difficulties these new heroes face.Pinocchio: No strings, baby, NO STRINGS!!Mercy: Well, I mean, being a walker – and I’m sure Ms. Yellowrock can agree with me – Jane: Jane, please.Mercy: Thanks, we know how difficult it is being able to change to an animal but still living in a human world of non-changers AND still not being a part of a pack, a larger group. We’re kind of on our own.Atticus: We druids can change and there’s not many of us.Jade: Well I can agree with Harry, even sorcerers and wizards can feel isolated.Moderator: OK, I see a break through, what I’m hearing from all of you is a feeling of isolation, of lacking a clear belonging.Group – murmurs of agreement.Mercy: In Moon Called we explore my life in and around werewolves while not being a part of a pack and also not fitting in with the rest of humanity. I shift into a coyote, but I’m not a werewolf, but I was raised by werewolves. I also know vampires, a gremlin and met a troll. Glamors keep regular humans from seeing the truth, but it’s out there and I have to deal with it. I have a history major from college, and that partially explains why I’m also an auto mechanic.Jade: I was raised by shifters too, and it’s tough not belonging. Of course it is fun to read about magic users, werewolves, vampires, gremlins and trolls.Moderator: So maybe fans of the genre can empathize with you all as being outside the norm, being out on the fringe and maybe being misunderstood. By reading urban fantasy, your fans get escape, at least for a little while, into another world of fantasy and adventure. They can relate to you because maybe they don’t feel “a part of the pack” either.Groups murmurs.Pinocchio: Are you my conscience?Moderator: Who me?Show more', '""MS. THOMPSON, it said in heavy block letters, PLEASE KEEP YOUR FELINE OFF MY PROPERTY. IF I SEE IT AGAIN, I WILL EAT IT."" Lately I have been reading just pretty much young adult books but I thought I give adult urban fantasy a go and I’m so glad I did. Moon Called was action packed, witty, suspenseful and addictive. When I finished it I wanted to run straight down to the bookstore and get the next one but unfortunately I had spent my weekly book budget. The plot is fast moving although there is a lot of world building but that is to be expected in the first instalment of a series. I liked the world Briggs has created with werewolves, skin walkers, fae, vampires and magic. I loved Mercy instantly. She is loyal, stubborn, smart, tough and has a lot of sass. Kind of the gal I wish I was. There is a bit of a love triangle happening even if there isn’t a lot of romance in this book. Adam is delicious, he is the alpha male of the pack, need I say more. While Samuel is Mercy first love and another dominant werewolf. I’m still not sure if I can trust him with Mercy\'s heart. As you can imagine two stubborn werewolves with there eye on the same mate makes for some funny scenes. They other secondary characters are a interesting and entertaining bunch with Zee, Stefan, Warren, Kyle Jesse and Bran. Overall, I loved every minute of it and I need the rest of the series NOW!Show more', ""Original rating: 3/5 (Jan 2020)New rating: 4/5 (Sept 2022)I enjoyed this book so much more during the second time round. Not sure what possessed me to reread this book, but I'm glad I did... Maybe it's because I've developed a deeper appreciation for Urban Fantasy in the past year? Who knows.Mercy Thompson was such a badass female heroine, but I liked that she was also a very vulnerable character given that she's a coyote brought up in a werewolf world. I can see a lot of potential in her, and given that there's 10+ books in this series, I'm feeling kind of nervous for her... The worldbuilding was really cool - I loved the werewolf lore. It felt more gritty and darker than other werewolf shifter stories that I'm used to, which was really exciting. I'm not quite sold on the writing style just yet, because Patricia Briggs has a succinct writing style that almost feels too fast-paced IMHO? I couldn't help but feel like I was missing out on key information.I'm not quite sure what to think about the romance either (btw the romance isn't exactly central to the book... it's more of a minor side-plot), there seems to be a love-triangle thing going on?? And a lot of build-up happened off-page prior to this book, so we shall see... Show more"", ""I enjoyed this book, the character is a tomboy and although the world isn't my total fave, I gobbled it up."", ""This review can also be found at Carole's Random Life.I love it when I can read a book for a second time and enjoy even more than the first time. There are a few book worlds that I hate to leave and Mercy's world is one of them. When I finished reading Fire Touched recently, I wanted more Mercy so I decided it was time to listen to some of the audiobooks from this series that have been sitting in my audible account for a couple of years. I was surprised by how much more I liked it this time around.This is the first book in the Mercy Thompson series and it does a really good job of introducing a large number of the key players in the series. This book is one of the really great first books in an urban fiction series. All of the world building works nicely into the plot. The book opens with a lot of excitement and you just kind of learn how things work as the plot moves forward. I loved going back to spend time with an earlier Mercy. She is such a wonderful character. She is extremely brave in this story despite being fully aware of her limitations. She is smart and able to make good decisions under pressure. She really shows a protective side in this story with both Mac and Jesse which I really liked. It was really fun spending time with Adam, Samuel, Bran, Zee, Stephen, Jesse, Warren, and the rest of gang in this book.The mystery in this book was solid. When a young werewolf ends up in Mercy's garage, she quickly learns that some strange things are happening. Adam is quickly pulled into the mystery and is actually quite vulnerable during much of this book. Mercy and the werewolves must find out what is going on and what their motives are in order to keep everyone safe. I really liked seeing how many things from later in the series were foreshadowed in this book. There were so many things that I didn't pick up on during my first reading.It took me a few minutes to adjust to the narration of this audiobook. Don't get me wrong, I thought the narration was great in the end but Mercy is a character that I have been reading about for years so I had a preconceived notion about what her voice should sound like. The narrator didn't match the voice in my head at the beginning of the story but by the end her voice was Mercy's. I think that the narrator did a fabulous job with all of the different character voices. I really enjoyed how much emotion came across in her reading of the story. I definitely plan to listen to more audiobooks featuring Lorelei King's narration.I would highly recommend this book and series to fans of urban fiction. The Mercy Thompson series along with the Alpha & Omega series which is set in the same world are among my favorites. This is a series that is best read in order so this book is a great starting point. I am looking forward to re-reading the second book in the series very soon.Initial ThoughtsI absolutely loved this book! Even better the second time around. Show more"", 'Find all of my reviews at: http://52bookminimum.blogspot.com/\n\nWelllllllllll. Here we are again. Good news is, I liked this one more than the badgers. Bad news is, I still kind of read it wrong. Positives include my type of people like werewolves and vampires and shifters without all of the . . . . . \n\nMercy in particular really kinda being my type of person . . . . \n\nSet in Coeur d’Alene, which is apparently the werewolf capital of the world, much like . . . . . \n\nAnd a heavy on the whodunit while being almost nonexistent when it came to the romance. Buuuuuuuuuuut, these people were kind of terrible at being supernatural creatures and it was one losing battle/tranquilizing/kidnapping after another that made this seem A LOT longer than 300 pages to me. However, it did achieve the goal getting me yet another step closer to my Major Award . . . . \n\n\n\nShow more']"
316,Fall of Giants,"
This is an epic of love, hatred, war and revolution. This is a huge novel that follows five families through the world-shaking dramas of the First World War, the Russian Revolution, and the struggle for votes for women.
It is 1911. The Coronation Day of King George V. The Williams, a Welsh coal-mining family is linked by romance and enmity to the Fitzherberts, aristocratic coal-mine owners. Lady Maud Fitzherbert falls in love with Walter von Ulrich, a spy at the German Embassy in London. Their destiny is entangled with that of an ambitious young aide to U.S. President Woodrow Wilson and to two orphaned Russian brothers, whose plans to emigrate to America fall foul of war, conscription and revolution. In a plot of unfolding drama and intriguing complexity, ""Fall Of Giants"" moves seamlessly from Washington to St Petersburg, from the dirt and danger of a coal mine to the glittering chandeliers of a palace, from the corridors of power to the bedrooms of the mighty.",2010,Ken Follett,15511,307882,985,Historical Fiction,4.31,[]
317,The Audacity of Hope,"The Audacity of Hope is Barack Obama's call for a new kind of politics—a politics that builds upon those shared understandings that pull us together as Americans. Lucid in his vision of America's place in the world, refreshingly candid about his family life and his time in the Senate, Obama here sets out his political convictions and inspires us to trust in the dogged optimism that has long defined us and that is our best hope going forward.",2006,Barack Obama,5724,160553,375,Nonfiction,3.82,[]
318,An Echo in the Bone,"A new Outlander novel — the seventh — from #1 National Bestselling author Diana Gabaldon.Readers have been waiting with bated breath for the seventh volume in bestselling author Diana Gabaldon’s epic Outlander saga — a masterpiece of historical fiction featuring Jamie and Claire, from one of the genre’s most popular and beloved authors.Jamie Fraser, erstwhile Jacobite and reluctant rebel, knows three things about the American rebellion: the Americans will win, unlikely as that seems in 1778; being on the winning side is no guarantee of survival; and he’d rather die than face his illegitimate son — a young lieutenant in the British Army — across the barrel of a gun. Fraser’s time-travelling wife, Claire, also knows a couple of things: that the Americans will win, but that the ultimate price of victory is a mystery. What she does believe is that the price won’t include Jamie’s life or happiness — not if she has anything to say.Claire’s grown daughter Brianna, and her husband, Roger, watch the unfolding of Brianna’s parents’ history — a past that may be sneaking up behind their own family.",2009,Diana Gabaldon,7157,142707,820,Historical Fiction,4.44,[]
319,The Tiger's Wife,"Weaving a brilliant latticework of family legend, loss, and love, Téa Obreht, the youngest of The New Yorker’s twenty best American fiction writers under forty, has spun a timeless novel that will establish her as one of the most vibrant, original authors of her generation.In a Balkan country mending from years of conflict, Natalia, a young doctor, arrives on a mission of mercy at an orphanage by the sea. By the time she and her lifelong friend Zóra begin to inoculate the children there, she feels age-old superstitions and secrets gathering everywhere around her. Secrets her outwardly cheerful hosts have chosen not to tell her. Secrets involving the strange family digging for something in the surrounding vineyards. Secrets hidden in the landscape itself.But Natalia is also confronting a private, hurtful mystery of her own: the inexplicable circumstances surrounding her beloved grandfather’s recent death. After telling her grandmother that he was on his way to meet Natalia, he instead set off for a ramshackle settlement none of their family had ever heard of and died there alone. A famed physician, her grandfather must have known that he was too ill to travel. Why he left home becomes a riddle Natalia is compelled to unravel. Grief struck and searching for clues to her grandfather’s final state of mind, she turns to the stories he told her when she was a child. On their weeklytrips to the zoo he would read to her from a worn copy of Rudyard Kipling’s The Jungle Book, which he carried with him everywhere; later, he told her stories of his own encounters over many years with “the deathless man,” a vagabond who claimed to be immortal and appeared never to age. But the most extraordinary story of all is the one her grandfather never told her, the one Natalia must discover for herself. One winter during the Second World War, his childhood village was snowbound, cut off even from the encroaching German invaders but haunted by another, fierce presence: a tiger who comes ever closer under cover of darkness. “These stories,” Natalia comes to understand, “run like secret rivers through all the other stories” of her grandfather’s life. And it is ultimately within these rich, luminous narratives that she will find the answer she is looking for.",2011,Téa Obreht,11243,97497,338,Fiction,3.41,[]
320,Moneyball,"Billy Beane, general manager of MLB's Oakland A's and protagonist of Michael Lewis's Moneyball, had a problem: how to win in the Major Leagues with a budget that's smaller than that of nearly every other team. Conventional wisdom long held that big name, highly athletic hitters and young pitchers with rocket arms were the ticket to success. But Beane and his staff, buoyed by massive amounts of carefully interpreted statistical data, believed that wins could be had by more affordable methods such as hitters with high on-base percentage and pitchers who get lots of ground outs. Given this information and a tight budget, Beane defied tradition and his own scouting department to build winning teams of young affordable players and inexpensive castoff veterans.  Lewis was in the room with the A's top management as they spent the summer of 2002 adding and subtracting players and he provides outstanding play-by-play. In the June player draft, Beane acquired nearly every prospect he coveted (few of whom were coveted by other teams) and at the July trading deadline he engaged in a tense battle of nerves to acquire a lefty reliever. Besides being one of the most insider accounts ever written about baseball, Moneyball is populated with fascinating characters. We meet Jeremy Brown, an overweight college catcher who most teams project to be a 15th round draft pick (Beane takes him in the first). Sidearm pitcher Chad Bradford is plucked from the White Sox triple-A club to be a key set-up man and catcher Scott Hatteberg is rebuilt as a first baseman. But the most interesting character is Beane himself. A speedy athletic can't-miss prospect who somehow missed, Beane reinvents himself as a front-office guru, relying on players completely unlike, say, Billy Beane. Lewis, one of the top nonfiction writers of his era (Liar's Poker, The New New Thing), offers highly accessible explanations of baseball stats and his roadmap of Beane's economic approach makes Moneyball an appealing reading experience for business people and sports fans alike. --John Moe",back,Michael   Lewis,5610,122806,200215,Nonfiction,4.26,[]
321,Rooftops of Tehran,"From ""a striking new talent""(Sandra Dallas, author of Tallgrass) comes an unforgettable debut novel of young love and coming of age in an Iran headed toward revolution. In this poignant, eye-opening and emotionally vivid novel, Mahbod Seraji lays bare the beauty and brutality of the centuries-old Persian culture, while reaffirming the human experiences we all share. In a middle-class neighborhood of Iran's sprawling capital city, 17-year-old Pasha Shahed spends the summer of 1973 on his rooftop with his best friend Ahmed, joking around one minute and asking burning questions about life the next. He also hides a secret love for his beautiful neighbor Zari, who has been betrothed since birth to another man. But the bliss of Pasha and Zari's stolen time together is shattered when Pasha unwittingly acts as a beacon for the Shah's secret police. The violent consequences awaken him to the reality of living under a powerful despot, and lead Zari to make a shocking choice...",2009,Mahbod Seraji,1022,10179,348,Historical Fiction,3.94,[]
322,Fragile Things,"A mysterious circus terrifies an audience for one extraordinary performance before disappearing into the night, taking one of the spectators along with it . . . In a novella set two years after the events of American Gods, Shadow pays a visit to an ancient Scottish mansion, and finds himself trapped in a game of murder and monsters . . . In a Hugo Award-winning short story set in a strangely altered Victorian England, the great detective Sherlock Holmes must solve a most unsettling royal murder . . . Two teenage boys crash a party and meet the girls of their dreams—and nightmares . . . In a Locus Award-winning tale, the members of an exclusive epicurean club lament that they've eaten everything that can be eaten, with the exception of a legendary, rare, and exceedingly dangerous Egyptian bird . . . Such marvelous creations and more—including a short story set in the world of The Matrix, and others set in the worlds of gothic fiction and children's fiction—can be found in this extraordinary collection, which showcases Gaiman's storytelling brilliance as well as his terrifyingly entertaining dark sense of humor. By turns delightful, disturbing, and diverting, Fragile Things is a gift of literary enchantment from one of the most unique writers of our time.",2006,Neil Gaiman,4343,67551,360,Fantasy,3.96,[]
323,Dark Places,"Libby Day was just seven years old when her evidence put her fifteen-year-old brother behind bars.Since then, she has been drifting. But when she is contacted by a group who are convinced of Ben's innocence, Libby starts to ask questions she never dared to before. Was the voice she heard her brother's? Ben was a misfit in their small town, but was he capable of murder? Are there secrets to uncover at the family farm or is Libby deluding herself because she wants her brother back?She begins to realise that everyone in her family had something to hide that day... especially Ben. Now, twenty-four years later, the truth is going to be even harder to find.Who did massacre the Day family?",2009,Gillian Flynn,40731,695322,349,Mystery,3.95,[]
324,Poison Study,"Choose: A quick death… or slow poison...About to be executed for murder, Yelena is offered an extraordinary reprieve. She'll eat the best meals, have rooms in the palace—and risk assassination by anyone trying to kill the Commander of Ixia.And so Yelena chooses to become a food taster. But the chief of security, leaving nothing to chance, deliberately feeds her Butterfly's Dust—and only by appearing for her daily antidote will she delay an agonizing death from the poison.As Yelena tries to escape her new dilemma, disasters keep mounting. Rebels plot to seize Ixia and Yelena develops magical powers she can't control. Her life is threatened again and choices must be made. But this time the outcomes aren't so clear...",2005,Maria V. Snyder,13057,160045,427,Fantasy,4.10,[]
325,Rules of Civility,"This sophisticated and entertaining first novel presents the story of a young woman whose life is on the brink of transformation. On the last night of 1937, twenty-five-year-old Katey Kontent is in a second-rate Greenwich Village jazz bar when Tinker Grey, a handsome banker, happens to sit down at the neighboring table. This chance encounter and its startling consequences propel Katey on a year-long journey into the upper echelons of New York society—where she will have little to rely upon other than a bracing wit and her own brand of cool nerve. With its sparkling depiction of New York’s social strata, its intricate imagery and themes, and its immensely appealing characters, Rules of Civility won the hearts of readers and critics alike.",2011,Amor Towles,20042,206995,335,Fiction,4.07,[]
326,Inferno,"Harvard professor of symbology Robert Langdon awakens in an Italian hospital, disoriented and with no recollection of the past thirty-six hours, including the origin of the macabre object hidden in his belongings. With a relentless female assassin trailing them through Florence, he and his resourceful doctor, Sienna Brooks, are forced to flee. Embarking on a harrowing journey, they must unravel a series of codes, which are the work of a brilliant scientist whose obsession with the end of the world is matched only by his passion for one of the most influential masterpieces ever written, Dante Alighieri's The Inferno.  Dan Brown has raised the bar yet again, combining classical Italian art, history, and literature with cutting-edge science in this sumptuously entertaining thriller.",2013,Dan Brown,38669,528476,463,Fiction,3.88,[]
327,Inherent Vice,"Part noir, part psychedelic romp, all Thomas Pynchon - private eye Doc Sportello comes, occasionally, out of a marijuana haze to watch the end of an era as free love slips away and paranoia creeps in with the L.A. fogIt's been awhile since Doc Sportello has seen his ex-girlfriend, Shasta Fay. Suddenly out of nowhere she shows up with a story about a plot to kidnap a billionaire land developer whom she just happens to be in love with. Easy for her to say. It's the tail end of the psychedelic sixties in L.A., and Doc knows that ""love"" is another of those words going around at the moment, like ""trip"" or ""groovy,"" except that this one usually leads to trouble. Despite which he soon finds himself drawn into a bizarre tangle of motives and passions whose cast of characters includes surfers, hustlers, dopers and rockers, a murderous loan shark, a tenor sax player working undercover, an ex-con with a swastika tattoo and a fondness for Ethel Merman, and a mysterious entity known as the Golden Fang, which may only be a tax dodge set up by some dodgy dentists.In this lively yarn, Thomas Pynchon, working in an unaccustomed genre, provides a classic illustration of the principle that if you can remember the sixties, you weren't there . . . or . . . if you were there, then you . . . or, wait, is it . . .hang on. . .what",2009,Thomas Pynchon,2818,32682,369,Fiction,3.77,[]
328,Against the Day,"Spanning the period between the Chicago World's Fair of 1893 and the years just after World War I, this novel moves from the labor troubles in Colorado to turn-of-the-century New York, to London and Gottingen, Venice and Vienna, the Balkans, Central Asia, Siberia at the time of the mysterious Tunguska Event, Mexico during the Revolution, postwar Paris, silent-era Hollywood, and one or two places not strictly speaking on the map at all.With a worldwide disaster looming just a few years ahead, it is a time of unrestrained corporate greed, false religiosity, moronic fecklessness, and evil intent in high places. No reference to the present day is intended or should be inferred.The sizable cast of characters includes anarchists, balloonists, gamblers, corporate tycoons, drug enthusiasts, innocents and decadents, mathematicians, mad scientists, shamans, psychics, and stage magicians, spies, detectives, adventuresses, and hired guns. There are cameo appearances by Nikola Tesla, Bela Lugosi, and Groucho Marx.As an era of certainty comes crashing down around their ears and an unpredictable future commences, these folks are mostly just trying to pursue their lives. Sometimes they manage to catch up; sometimes it's their lives that pursue them.Meanwhile, the author is up to his usual business. Characters stop what they're doing to sing what are for the most part stupid songs. Strange sexual practices take place. Obscure languages are spoken, not always idiomatically. Contrary-to-the-fact occurrences occur. If it is not the world, it is what the world might be with a minor adjustment or two. According to some, this is one of the main purposes of fiction.Let the reader decide, let the reader beware. Good luck.--Thomas PynchonAbout the Author:Thomas Pynchon is the author of V., The Crying of Lot 49, Gravity's Rainbow, Slow Learner, a collection of short stories, Vineland and, most recently, Mason and Dixon. He received the National Book Award for Gravity's Rainbow in 1974.",2006,Thomas Pynchon,916,9335,1085,Fiction,4.00,[]
329,Outliers,"Learn what sets high achievers apart -- from Bill Gates to the Beatles -- in this #1 bestseller from ""a singular talent"" (New York Times Book Review).In this stunning book, Malcolm Gladwell takes us on an intellectual journey through the world of ""outliers""--the best and the brightest, the most famous and the most successful. He asks the question: what makes high-achievers different?His answer is that we pay too much attention to what successful people are like, and too little attention to where they are from: that is, their culture, their family, their generation, and the idiosyncratic experiences of their upbringing. Along the way he explains the secrets of software billionaires, what it takes to be a great soccer player, why Asians are good at math, and what made the Beatles the greatest rock band.Brilliant and entertaining, Outliers is a landmark work that will simultaneously delight and illuminate.",2008,Malcolm Gladwell,30807,725450,309,Nonfiction,4.19,[]
330,The Kitchen House,"When a white servant girl violates the order of plantation society, she unleashes a tragedy that exposes the worst and best in the people she has come to call her family. Orphaned while onboard ship from Ireland, seven-year-old Lavinia arrives on the steps of a tobacco plantation where she is to live and work with the slaves of the kitchen house. Under the care of Belle, the master's illegitimate daughter, Lavinia becomes deeply bonded to her adopted family, though she is set apart from them by her white skin. Eventually, Lavinia is accepted into the world of the big house, where the master is absent and the mistress battles opium addiction. Lavinia finds herself perilously straddling two very different worlds. When she is forced to make a choice, loyalties are brought into question, dangerous truths are laid bare, and lives are put at risk.",2010,Kathleen Grissom,19896,258603,369,Historical Fiction,4.20,[]
331,Matterhorn,"A big, powerful saga of men in combat, written over the course of thirty-five years by a highly decorated Vietnam veteran.Intense, powerful, and compelling, Matterhorn is an epic war novel in the tradition of Norman Mailer's The Naked and the Dead and James Jones's The Thin Red Line. It is the timeless story of a young Marine lieutenant, Waino Mellas, and his comrades in Bravo Company, who are dropped into the mountain jungle of Vietnam as boys and forced to fight their way into manhood. Standing in their way are not merely the North Vietnamese but also monsoon rain and mud, leeches and tigers, disease and malnutrition. Almost as daunting, it turns out, are the obstacles they discover between each other: racial tension, competing ambitions, and duplicitous superior officers. But when the company finds itself surrounded and outnumbered by a massive enemy regiment, the Marines are thrust into the raw and all-consuming terror of combat. The experience will change them forever.Written over the course of thirty years by a highly decorated Vietnam veteran, Matterhorn is a visceral and spellbinding novel about what it is like to be a young man at war. It is an unforgettable novel that transforms the tragedy of Vietnam into a powerful and universal story of courage, camaraderie, and sacrifice: a parable not only of the war in Vietnam but of all war, and a testament to the redemptive power of literature.A graduate of Yale University and a Rhodes Scholar at Oxford University, Karl Marlantes served as a Marine in Vietnam, where he was awarded the Navy Cross, the Bronze Star, two Navy Commendation Medals for valor, two Purple Hearts, and ten air medals. This is his first novel. He lives in rural Washington State.",2010,Karl Marlantes,3484,41519,663,Fiction,4.24,[]
332,Pretties,"Gorgeous. Popular. Perfect.Perfectly wrong.Tally has finally become pretty. Now her looks are beyond perfect, her clothes are awesome, her boyfriend is totally hot, and she's completely popular. It's everything she's ever wanted.But beneath all the fun -- the nonstop parties, the high-tech luxury, the total freedom -- is a nagging sense that something's wrong. Something important. Then a message from Tally's ugly past arrives. Reading it, Tally remembers what's wrong with pretty life, and the fun stops cold.Now she has to choose between fighting to forget what she knows and fighting for her life -- because the authorities don't intend to let anyone with this information survive.",2005,Scott Westerfeld,10939,252410,370,Young Adult,3.84,[]
333,Explosion in Paris,"""Explosion in Paris"" is the story of one woman's determination to better her life because she has finally found the man of her dreams! By refusing to accept her husband's death sentence assessment of her soul, Angela Briann Scott is challenging herself to reach beyond her limits. This is especially true since her accidental meeting with the devastatingly handsome Ross Leigh Stafford. He's a man of high principles, irreproachable character, unsinkable spirit, and unwavering compassion, all the qualities that her husband, Mitch, is seriously lacking. Angie's adopted country of France glows with charm and beauty through her eyes. By reinventing herself to save her life, she discovers her true essence and she develops a strong sense of self-worth. Her impressive success and enduring strength tell a story that will keep readers engrossed to the very end!",2009,Linda Masemore Pirrung,98,2498,408,Romance,3.56,[]
334,Crown of Midnight,"""A line that should never be crossed is about to be breached.It puts this entire castle in jeopardy—and the life of your friend.""From the throne of glass rules a king with a fist of iron and a soul as black as pitch. Assassin Celaena Sardothien won a brutal contest to become his Champion. Yet Celaena is far from loyal to the crown. She hides her secret vigilantly; she knows that the man she serves is bent on evil.Keeping up the deadly charade becomes increasingly difficult when Celaena realizes she is not the only one seeking justice. As she tries to untangle the mysteries buried deep within the glass castle, her closest relationships suffer. It seems no one is above questioning her allegiances—not the Crown Prince Dorian; not Chaol, the Captain of the Guard; not even her best friend, Nehemia, a foreign princess with a rebel heart.Then one terrible night, the secrets they have all been keeping lead to an unspeakable tragedy. As Celaena's world shatters, she will be forced to give up the very thing most precious to her and decide once and for all where her true loyalties lie... and whom she is ultimately willing to fight for.",2013,Sarah J. Maas,44994,620866,420,Fantasy,4.36,[]
335,All Together Dead,"Louisiana cocktail waitress Sookie Stackhouse has her hands full dealing with every sort of undead and paranormal creature imaginable. And after being betrayed by her longtime vampire love, Sookie must not only deal with a new man in her life—the shapeshifter Quinn—but also contend with the long-planned vampire summit.  The summit is a tense situation. The vampire queen of Louisiana is in a precarious position, her power base weakened by hurricane damage to New Orleans. And there are some vamps who would like to finish what nature started. Soon, Sookie must decide what side she'll stand with. And her choice may mean the difference between survival and all-out catastrophe.And with HBO's launching of an all-new show, True Blood, based on the Southern Vampire novels, the demand for Charlaine Harris and Sookie Stackhouse is bigger than ever.",2007,Charlaine Harris,3825,196649,336,Fantasy,4.05,[]
336,The Book of Occult,"****THIS BOOK IS OUT OF PRINT******PLEASE SEE LINK FOR LATEST SPY THRILLER CALLED THE RUSSIAN INK: https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/6...""One man's search for a mystery author catapults him into a dangerous race to unlock esoteric wisdom that has been hidden and disputed for thousands of years"" Peter Ashton has a dark past. In a teenage prank he uses an old book to perform an occult ritual. The experiment goes awry and his best friend is killed in the act. Two decades later Peter travels to Europe to discover the secrets of the book and its mystery author. Plagued by curiosity and guilt he meets a Professor and an English Auctioneer who try to help him verify its authenticity and origins. The result is far beyond what he imagined. It is the last unpublished secret work by 19th century French occultist Eliphas Levi. The book’s meaning is shrouded in mystical conspiracy like its author. Peter soon finds it brings unwanted attention. Bonnet was once a dedicated American government agent but is descending on a dark mystical path. He uses an occult tool to enhance his abilities but at a grave personal cost. He desires occult power and is killing everyone that stands in the way. Will he catch Peter and his priceless book? From Paris to Los Angeles Peter races against time and powerful enemies. A cult leader opens his eyes to the extent of underground mysticism and tempts him with money and power. With limited options Peter is attacked by extremists desperate to get hold of the book. A beautiful gypsy woman gives him hope and insight. The final clue leads him to a Spanish mansion with more revelations than he dreamed possible. Can Peter unlock the secret wisdom before it is too late? Or will he be seduced by the deadly forces that tempted him 20 years ago….",2013,Simon W. Clark,94,3745,336,Fiction,3.64,[]
337,City of Heavenly Fire,"In this dazzling and long-awaited conclusion to the acclaimed Mortal Instruments series, Clary and her friends fight the greatest evil they have ever faced: Clary's own brother.Sebastian Morgenstern is on the move, systematically turning Shadowhunter against Shadowhunter. Bearing the Infernal Cup, he transforms Shadowhunters into creatures out of nightmare, tearing apart families and lovers as the ranks of his Endarkened army swell.The embattled Shadowhunters withdraw to Idris - but not even the famed demon towers of Alicante can keep Sebastian at bay. And with the Nephilim trapped in Idris, who will guard the world against demons?When one of the greatest betrayals the Nephilim have ever known is revealed, Clary, Jace, Isabelle, Simon, and Alec must flee - even if their journey takes them deep into the demon realms, where no Shadowhunter has set foot before, and from which no human being has ever returned...Love will be sacrificed and lives lost in the terrible battle for the fate of the word in the thrilling final installment of the classic urban fantasy series The Mortal Instruments!",2014,Cassandra Clare,26944,359337,725,Fantasy,4.40,[]
338,Fifty Shades Freed,"When unworldly student Anastasia Steele first encountered the driven and dazzling young entrepreneur Christian Grey it sparked a sensual affair that changed both of their lives irrevocably. Shocked, intrigued, and, ultimately, repelled by Christian’s singular erotic tastes, Ana demands a deeper commitment. Determined to keep her, Christian agrees.Now, Ana and Christian have it all—love, passion, intimacy, wealth, and a world of possibilities for their future. But Ana knows that loving her Fifty Shades will not be easy, and that being together will pose challenges that neither of them would anticipate. Ana must somehow learn to share Christian’s opulent lifestyle without sacrificing her own identity. And Christian must overcome his compulsion to control as he wrestles with the demons of a tormented past.Just when it seems that their strength together will eclipse any obstacle, misfortune, malice, and fate conspire to make Ana’s deepest fears turn to reality.This book is intended for mature audiences.",2012,E.L. James,27282,813043,579,Romance,3.84,[]
339,The Sea,"In this luminous novel about love, loss, and the unpredictable power of memory, John Banville introduces us to Max Morden, a middle-aged Irishman who has gone back to the seaside town where he spent his summer holidays as a child to cope with the recent loss of his wife. It is also a return to the place where he met the Graces, the well-heeled family with whom he experienced the strange suddenness of both love and death for the first time. What Max comes to understand about the past, and about its indelible effects on him, is at the center of this elegiac, gorgeously written novel among the finest we have had from this masterful writer.""",2005,John Banville,3016,29995,195,Fiction,3.54,[]
340,Can You Keep a Secret?,"Meet Emma Corrigan, a young woman with a huge heart, an irrepressible spirit, and a few little secrets: Secrets from her boyfriend: I've always thought Connor looks a bit like Ken. As in Barbie and Ken. Secrets from her mother: I lost my virginity in the spare bedroom with Danny Nussbaum while Mum and Dad were downstairs watching Ben-Hur. Secrets she wouldn't share with anyone in the world: I have no idea what NATO stands for. Or even what it is. Until she spills them all to a handsome stranger on a plane. At least, she thought he was a stranger.…Until Emma comes face-to-face with Jack Harper, the company's elusive CEO, a man who knows every single humiliating detail about her...",2003,Sophie Kinsella,13888,423675,374,Chick Lit,3.84,[]
341,JPod,"JPod, Douglas Coupland's most acclaimed novel to date, is a lethal joyride into today's new breed of tech worker. Ethan Jarlewski and five co-workers whose surnames begin with ""J"" are bureaucratically marooned in jPod, a no-escape architectural limbo on the fringes of a massive Vancouver game design company. The jPodders wage daily battle against the demands of a boneheaded marketing staff, who daily torture employees with idiotic changes to already idiotic games. Meanwhile, Ethan's personal life is shaped (or twisted) by phenomena as disparate as Hollywood, marijuana grow-ops, people-smuggling, ballroom dancing, and the rise of China. JPod's universe is amoral, shameless, and dizzyingly fast-paced like our own. Praise for JPod: ""JPod is a sleek and necessary device: the finely tuned output of an author whose obsolescence is thankfully years away.""-New York Times Book Review""It's to [Coupland's] credit that in JPod he's still nimble enough to take the post-modern man-too young for Boomer nostalgia and too old for youthful idealism-and drown his sorrows in a willful, joyful satire that revels in the same cultural conventions that it sends up.""-Rocky Mountain News ""It's time to admire [Coupland's] virtuoso tone and how he has refined it over 11 novels. The master ironist just might redefine E. M. Forster's famous dictate 'Only connect' for the Google age.""-USA Today ""Zeitgeist surfer Douglas Coupland downloads his brain into JPod.""-Vanity Fair ",2006,Douglas Coupland,1000,19721,448,Fiction,3.70,[]
342,The Wedding,"After thirty years of marriage, Wilson Lewis, son-in-law of Allie and Noah Calhoun (of The Notebook), is forced to admit that the romance has gone out of his marriage. Desperate to win back his wife, Jane's, heart, he must figure out how to make her fall in love with him... again. Despite the shining example of Allie and Noah's marriage, Wilson is himself a man unable to easily express his emotions. A successful estate attorney, he has provided well for his family, but now, with his daughter's upcoming wedding, he is forced to face the fact that he and Jane have grown apart and he wonders if she even loves him anymore. Wilson is sure of one thing--his love for his wife has only deepened and intensified over the years. Now, with the memories of his in-laws' magnificent fifty-year love affair as his guide, Wilson struggles to find his way back into the heart of the woman he adores.Did You Know?The Wedding is a follow-up to The Notebook?The Wedding was inspired by a few unnamed couples that Nicholas knows well?The novel is set in the North Carolina town in which Nicholas now lives?",2005,Nicholas Sparks,6751,153590,276,Romance,3.99,[]
343,Mr. Penumbra's 24-Hour Bookstore,"Global conspiracy, complex code-breaking, high-tech data visualization, young love, the secret to eternal life. Mostly in a hole-in-the-wall San Francisco bookstore. Clay Jannon tells how serendipity, sheer curiosity, and the ability to climb a ladder like a monkey has sent him from Web Drone to night shift at Mr. Penumbra’s 24-Hour Bookstore. After just a few days on the job, Clay realizes just how curious this store is. A few customers come in repeatedly without buying anything. Instead they “check out” obscure volumes from strange corners of the store. All runs according to some elaborate, long-standing arrangement with the gnomic Mr. Penumbra. The store must be a front for something larger, Clay concludes.He embarks on a complex analysis of the customers’ behavior and ropes in friends to help. Once they bring their findings to Mr. Penumbra, it turns out the secrets extend far outside the walls of the bookstore. A quest to New York City dips in a world conspiracy for eternal life. The current of romance pulls Clay onward.",2012,Robin Sloan,28038,197462,288,Fiction,3.73,[]
344,Mayflower,"HOW DID AMERICA BEGIN?This simple question launches acclaimed author Nathaniel Philbrick on an extraordinary journey to understand the truth behind our most sacred national myth: the voyage of the Mayflower and the settlement of Plymouth Colony. As Philbrick reveals in this electrifying new book, the story of the Pilgrims does not end with the First Thanksgiving; instead, it is a fifty-five-year epic that is at once tragic and heroic, and still carries meaning for us today.",2006,Nathaniel Philbrick,3052,42299,461,History,3.87,"['I didn\'t intentionally read this because it was ""Thanksgiving"" season, but I did find it a fascinating account of the Pilgrims and the early history of the Plymouth colony. I enjoyed Philbrick\'s other book on Bunker Hill, largely because it conveyed the humanity of its protagonists, quirks, warts and all, and made for a compelling narrative. This book does the same. In my opinion, Philbrick does a reasonably good job balancing between the perspectives of the Indigenous peoples and the English colonists, letting us see the complicated, messy clash between cultures, the horrifying effects of the European arrival on the native cultures, but also the very human interactions between individuals trying to understand each other, learn from each other, use each other, manipulate each other, and eventually eliminate each other. The arrival of the Pilgrims put a new piece of the political chessboard of the region, which had already been ravaged by diseases brought by earlier European contact, and the Native peoples were quick to realize the danger, but also the destabilizing opportunities the Pilgrims presented. My take away was that, for better but usually for worse, humans are gonna human. They are driven by fear, greed, and prejudice to seek short-term gain. They are tribal by nature, hard-wired to divide the world into ""us"" and ""them."" They have very short memories when it comes to honoring their debts and obligations. The section on King Philip\'s War was especially sad reading. I knew the broad strokes of the conflict, but Philbrick brought it to life through vignettes of the many characters involved. A poignant account of a critical phase in history, drawing heavily from the firsthand accounts of those involved, the book offers a readable, multi-faceted glimpse into the formation of what would come to be called ""New England.""Show more', 'I have to admit, I am one of those naïve Americans that has walked around in a bit of a fantasy land when it comes to the history of Plymouth and the Pilgrims. From grade school, I knew they desired freedom to worship their religion without persecution. In order to do so, they faced a difficult journey aboard the Mayflower prior to landing on the shores of New England. There’s a giant rock on which they must have set foot after disembarking from the ship. I know the Pilgrims struggled to survive and the Native Americans came to their rescue. They celebrated the First Thanksgiving with the Native Americans, a holiday which we now sit down to every November in order to indulge and give thanks. Well, that’s it in a nutshell, right? Or so I believed! Nathaniel Philbrick, however, has set me straight and enlightened me way more than I could ever have imagined! Mayflower is extremely well researched and undeniably well-written. However, it is quite dense with very detailed information regarding much more than the voyage of the Mayflower and the original settlement of Plymouth colony. Philbrick takes us beyond those years through the next couple of generations and presents a factual account of the violent and bloody wars fought between the New Englanders and the Native Americans. The first Thanksgiving most certainly did not end in a ‘happily ever after’ situation. There were numerous conflicts, various alliances between the New Englanders and Native Americans, and treachery. I was often quite shocked to learn of the behavior exhibited by some of the Pilgrims’ descendants. It wasn’t very pretty and not something I feel proud to claim as part of my American heritage. Speaking of heritage, Philbrick tells us that ""In 2002 it was estimated that there were approximately 35 million descendants of the Mayflower passengers in the United States, which represents roughly 10 percent of the total U.S. population."" Philbrick, however, does tell us the good with the bad and we also learn of some of the more upstanding descendants. Little tidbits of facts like this were what I enjoyed most about the book. It helped me slog through some of the more textbook-like sections when I knew I might find a little nugget of information I could perhaps share with the family at our Thanksgiving gathering in a couple of weeks from now. This may change the tone at the table a bit in the wrong direction, however - ""Fifty-six years after the sailing of the Mayflower, the Pilgrims’ children had not only defeated the Pokanokets in a devastating war, they had taken conscious, methodical measures to purge the land of its people."" Perhaps we will have to seriously indulge a bit before smashing the myth all to bits! My favorite little chronicle was one which involved Captain Benjamin Church, principal aide to Plymouth’s governor, Josiah Winslow. During one of the final skirmishes of King Philip’s War, several Native Americans were taken as captives. When Church asked one of the older captives his name, he was answered with ‘Conscience’. Philbrick tells us that Church replied, ""Conscience, then the war is over, for that was what they were searching for, it being much wanting."" Indeed! I found this to be a worthwhile read, although a bit dry throughout the middle to last sections of the book. Last year I read Philbrick’s In the Heart of the Sea: The Tragedy of the Whaleship Essex and found it to be immensely entertaining and quite effortless. It read much like fiction, and so I expected much of the same with Mayflower. However, in my opinion, this was more like the sort of non-fiction book from which I previously steered away – one which presents copious facts and dates to the extent that I feel like I am back in school. Some readers that enjoy a myriad of detail will quite enjoy this. History buffs should have no complaints since Philbrick has done his job well here. Since I did enjoy parts of this book and am grateful to be considerably more educated on the topic of the Pilgrims and King Philip’s War, I have rated Mayflower 3.5 stars.Show more', '“For sixty-five days, the Mayflower had blundered her way through storms and headwinds, her bottom a shaggy pelt of seaweed and barnacles, her leaky decks spewing salt water onto her passengers’ devoted heads. There were 102 of them – 104 if you counted the two dogs…Most of their provisions and equipment were beneath them in the hold, the primary storage area of the vessel. The passengers were in the between…decks – a dank, airless space about seventy-five feet long and not even high five feet high that separated the hold from the upper deck…A series of thin-walled cabins had been built, creating a crowded warren of rooms that overflowed with people and their possessions: chest of clothing, casks of food, chairs, pillows, rugs, and omnipresent chamber pots. There was even a boat – cut into pieces for later assembly �� doing temporary duty as a bed.”-\tNathaniel Philbrick, MayflowerWhen it comes to American history, we have a tendency towards reduction. We cherish the myth over the reality; the bombastic over the subtle; the simple over the complex. In modern media terms, we prefer the soundbite to the whole speech. On the Fourth of July, for example, we aren\'t thinking about competing mercantile interests, unpaid French-and-Indian War debts, or the Townsend Acts. Not at all. Instead, as we get hot dog-drunk and light off fireworks, we\'re probably imagining a guy with a wig and a tricorne hat saying something about freedom.History is more comforting that way. It\'s easier. It leaves more time for drinking and nurturing feelings of superiority towards France. Our earliest history, the first European settlements, can be boiled down to one image: the Pilgrim. Picture the Pilgrims with me: grim, black coated men with stiff white collars and funny hats with buckles. They grip their blunderbusses while their doughy, sexless wives grip their elbows. In the brush, something is skulking. It might be a sly turkey. An Indian. A witch. A lost and disoriented Cotton Mather. It doesn\'t matter. The Pilgrim has that blunderbuss, and it\'s full of justice. Nathaniel Philbrick\'s Mayflower is the story of how it really went down. Plymouth Rock and the Pilgrims and Thanksgiving. It\'s probably not the story you heard in grade school. (Though I give you credit for recognizing that the story you heard in grade school was a lot of mashed potatoes and gravy). Like all works of revisionism, Philbrick\'s book is both enlightening and a little disappointing. I love history as much as anything, which is accompanied by a secret pleasure at puncturing historical myths. But even I have to admit it\'s sometimes nice to be left with our illusions. In this case, the illusion being that white men and Indians were able to come together in mutual cooperation. Even though untrue, it\'s a fine notion. A retroactive ideal to strive for going forward. The reality, of course, is that the white men took the Indian\'s corn, took their turkey, then shot them (metaphorically) when they turned around. Later, they shot them for real. And kept shooting until Wounded Knee, near the dawn of the 20th century. But back to the Pilgrims. The story starts with the voyage of the titular ship: The Mayflower was a typical merchant vessel of her day: square-rigged and beak bowed, with high, castlelike superstructures fore and aft that protected her cargo and crew in the worst weather, but made beating against the wind a painfully inefficient endeavor. Rated at 180 tons (meaning her hold was capable of accomodating 180 casks or tuns of wine), she was approximately three times the size of the Speedwell and about one hundred feet in length.Philbrick, who wrote the splendid whaling book, In the Heart of the Sea, once again tells a fast-paced, informative story, filled with interesting little factoids that make you go, hmm. For the most part, he does the same here. Unfortunately, he is hampered by a dearth of sources. The famous voyage of the Mayflower – which gives the book its title – is told in only a few pages. This is due to the fact that the inveterate diarist William Bradford himself only devoted a couple paragraphs to the subject. Without primary accounts to research, Philbrick has no choice but to move on. It\'s an instance of source-material driving the narrative. Of course, the lack of primary sources is not Philbrick\'s fault. He has not – to my knowledge – ever started a fire that burned a library full of Pilgrim diaries. But nonetheless, it hampers any telling of this story. By necessity, he must rely on Bradford a great deal, which gives a one-sided view of what happened. Famous events such as the signing of the Mayflower Compact are told through his eyes, without the benefit of corroboration. We are left to hope that Bradford wasn\'t totally full of stuffing. Once the Mayflower has dropped anchor and the Pilgrims gone to shore, the story picks up steam, helped by a widening circle of characters. For instance, we get to meet Benjamin Church, who later became a famous chronicler of King Philip\'s War. We are also introduced to the irascible Myles Standish, one of the livelier actors of this drama:Myles Standish was officially designated their captain. A small man with a broad, powerful physique and reddish hair, Standish also had something of a chip on his shoulder. He seems to have been born on the Isle of Man off the west coast of England, and even though he was descended from ""the house of Standish of Standish,"" his rightful claim to ancestral lands had been, according to his own account, ""surreptitiously detained from me,"" forcing him to seek his fortune as a mercenary in Holland. Well educated and well read (he owned a copy of Homer\'s The Iliad and Caesar\'s Commentaries), he appears to have conducted himself with a haughty impulsiveness that did not endear him to some of the settlers, one of whom later claimed that the Plymouth captain ""looks like a silly boy, as is in utter contempt.""The centerpiece of the book is ""the first Thanksgiving."" Once upon a time, Thanksgiving was a creation of Abraham Lincoln, building on a proclamation by George Washington, who was looking for a bright side during the Civil War. Today, Thanksgiving is a time of football, overeating, and letting your extended family know how much they have let you down. The original seedling for Thanksgiving was a celebration of the Pilgrims being rescued from the brink with the help of the Wampanoag Indians Massasoit and Squanto.Countless Victorian-era engravings notwithstanding, the Pilgrims did not spend the day sitting around a long table draped with a white linen cloth, clasping each other\'s hands in prayer as a few curious Indians looked on. Instead of an English affair, the First Thanksgiving soon became an overwhelmingly Native celebration...Most of the celebrants stood, squatted, or sat on the ground as they clustered around outdoor fires, where the deer and birds turned on wooden spits and where pottages - stews into which varieties of meats and vegetables were thrown - simmered invitingly.This thanksgiving was the culmination of a great deal of sacrifice, risk, luck, and shrewdness. We often view Massasoit as having saved the Pilgrims from starvation; what we don\'t often dwell upon is the fact that the Pilgrims chose Massasoit as an ally, and in doing so, became a power player in the region. The First Thanksgiving occurs just over a hundred pages into Mayflower. There are well over two hundred pages left. After the turkeys are eaten, the wine is drunk, and the drunk uncles are pushed out of the crudely-built log cabins, Philbrick takes the burnished image of interracial cooperation/gluttony and tears it to pieces. What follows is treachery and war. Anyone buying this book to read in preparation of the holiday should know that Philbrick is not interested in holidays. (On the other hand, if you - like me – enjoy horrifying your relatives with cruel historical fact, then get your wallets ready). The Mayflower/Pilgrims/Thanksgiving angle is quickly left behind. The final two thirds of the book are devoted to Pilgrim/Indian politics and King Philip\'s War.This is certainly interesting stuff. King Philip\'s War was an incredibly brutal, under-acknowledged affair. Proportionally, it was one of the bloodiest conflicts on American soil (1 out of 65 English and 1 out of 20 Indians were slain). Four of Massasoit\'s children died in the war (Massasoit himself was already dead). In the end, King Philip was shot, drawn-and-quartered, and beheaded. His head was displayed in Plymouth for 20 years. Happy Thanksgiving! Pass the drumsticks. Philbrick is an extremely talented historian and storyteller. He has become one of those guys whose books I always read, but – for whatever reason – have never entirely loved. Here, as hard as he tries to breathe life into this story, there\'s a coldness and distance to it. This is a function of the material, more so than the author. So much of the Pilgrim tale is supposition: what might have happened. With a lack of primary accounts, a historian is left with the skeleton of an event. Moreover, even where they exist, contemporary accounts are often of limited value. They are not visceral and immediate; they don\'t allow us to feel the history. Rather, they often had a dual purpose, and being informative was a secondary concern (for a great discussion of Benjamin Church and the literature of this period, see Richard Slotkin\'s Regeneration Through Violence). I was very excited to read this book but I was ultimately disappointed. This is an extremely readable, often entertaining account of a poorly-documented period. With its complex inter-tribal politics and collection of vaguely-known characters, I doubt you can do much better. My disappointment probably has more to do with humanity itself, and its violent nature, than Philbrick’s retelling of it. It is a fine thing to believe in Thanksgiving, to imagine people coming together to help each other, to see cultural divides bridged with food and drink and merriment. The reality is that the mythological Thanksgiving was a brief interlude in a grim tale of death and dismemberment. Thus, when your family starts tearing itself apart over politics this Thanksgiving, you can find a quiet corner, drink a bottle of wine, and rest assured that it is closer to historical reality than is comfortable.Show more', 'Spoiler Alert: The Mayflower lands in Plymouth! Rocks fall, all the Native Americans die.(One of the most interesting things about Mayflower is how little of it actually dealt with the ship itself. The Pilgrims are settled (well, “settled”), and the Mayflower headed back to England to fall into disrepair and be sold for scrap by page 80. More than half the book is spent on King Philip’s War and the events that lead to it, which actually concerns the two generations after the Mayflower’s passengers.)Philbrick won a ton of awards with this one (like, say, the National Book Award), all deserved. He takes an excellent look at a period in time frequently overlooked – American history tends to cover 1620, and then make its way to 1770 and the Revolutionary War in the next chapter (with a slight layover in 1692 for the Witch Trials).It’s incredibly well written, with an excellent balance between the big picture and individual narratives. He’s liberal with anecdotes, which keeps the book from ever getting dry or boring. He quotes contemporary and first person accounts, but not excessively – this is a book to be read for pleasure, not to be used as a resource. I laughed out loud a couple times, and physically shuddered as well. He reached that all-important goal of bringing his subjects to life.Philbrick also does a good job of presenting a balanced version of events. (Especially considering that most contemporary sources were, at best, biased, because history, as we all know, is written by the victors.) He’s quick to point out the mistakes on both sides – the rash, racially motivated attacks made by the white settlers, and the never ending litany of missteps made by the Pokanokets, especially “King” Philip.A few quick observations:I would very much like to slap Increase Mather across the face. (Preferably so hard that Cotton feels it, too.) What an enormous tool.These people were crap at naming their children. Everyone was John, Mary, William, or FEAR. Or Cotton. No wonder they were all a little wacked.I love the irony of having a huge, gluttonous holiday celebration in honor of the Pilgrims, who regularly arrested and punished people for having big holiday celebrations. They would put us all in the stocks.Is there any worse story than Thomas Granger’s? He will always (and I mean always – it’s already been 350+ years) be known for being convicted of bestiality – and executed for it. That’s embarrassing.And, finally: How pissed is Miles Standish right now, what with how many times he was called short in this book?Show more', 'I was enthralled with this popular history of the first 60 years of Plymouth Colony starting with the Mayflower landing in 1620. With a focus on the actions and decisions of a limited set of key individuals, Philbrick’s account brings to life the initial desperate events of the colony (half of the initial 102 died the first year) and the early years of dependence on the support of the Pokenoket tribe. I was enlightened to learn how decimation of Indian villages by disease and the competitive balance between tribes contributed to the ability of the Pilgrims to gain a foothold. In many ways, the sachem (chief) Massasoit was calling the shots in using the alliance with the Pilgrims to enhance his position with respect to rival tribes, and in turn Squanto’s support of the colony as mediator/translator was motivated by his own Machiavellian schemes. Due to past cases of treacherous attacks and kidnapping for slavery on the part of English and French visitors, other tribes to the north and south would not tolerate colonists. Thus, the Indians were not just passive dupes to exploitation and domination by European invades.Though the Pilgrims goal of religious freedom was not very tolerant of other belief systems (as the Quakers learned and individuals executed for bestiality and other personal crimes), they were not empire builders and there was quite a lot of respect for the Indians at first. Philbrick does well to dwell on the factors that contributed to the surprisingly peaceful subsequent period of colonial growth and expansion for nearly 50 years and then to spend half the book on the causes and details of its breach in King Philip’s war of 1675, which decimated the Europeans and nearly extinguished several of the tribes in southern New England. Philbrick’s coverage of compassionate voices for peace and arrogant stupidity on both sides begs the question of whether the war was inevitable. He points out how a sense of a Greek tragedy pervades the progression from a local conflict to an expanded war between several tribes and colonies throughout New England.As evident in two other books of his I enjoyed (his survival saga of the whaling ship Essex and his history of the Battle of the Little Bighorn), Philbrick is a master of balancing the use of primary sources and interpretive reflection in a compelling narrative that rivals that of skilled fiction writers. Philbrick clearly did a lot of research to write this book, but I have no way of telling how much of his synthesis is innovative vs. derivative. What I can say is that the book provided me a good foundation to negotiate the myths and divergent interpretations of European colonialism in the New World and to understand patterns that played out disastrously throughout the westward expansion over the subsequent 200 years. Show more', 'Another review that seems to have disappeared into the ether!', 'Pilgrims! Indians! War!This is an in-depth look at the first years of the colonists in New England, and also the terrible war with the Indians that the next generation faced. Philbrick\'s book is called Mayflower, but only the first section of it focuses on the sea voyage and the Mayflower Compact. I was especially interested in learning what the colonists did in the early days of their settlement, how they adapted to the land and worked on their homes. However, a majority of the book is about King Philip\'s War, which was the conflict between the Pilgrims and native Americans (although the Pilgrims did have some Indian allies). It\'s complicated.I had previously read Philbrick\'s book In the Heart of the Sea, which I really enjoyed, but I struggled to finish Mayflower. I did learn some interesting details, including that before coming to the New World, the English Puritans first went to live in Holland because it was known for being religiously tolerant. But they felt they couldn\'t stay there.""Their chief worry involved their children. Gradually and inevitably, they were becoming Dutch. The congregation had rejected the Church of England, but the vast majority of its members were still proudly, even defiantly, English. By sailing to the New World, they hoped to re-create the English village life they so dearly missed while remaining beyond the meddlesome reach of King James and his bishops.""I appreciated this look at early American history, and I\'m glad I read it, even though it was rather dense in the later chapters about the conflict. I would still recommend it to those interested in reading more about the Pilgrims or the First Indian War.Opening PassageWe all want to know how it was in the beginning. From the Big Bang to the Garden of Eden to the circumstances of our own births, we yearn to travel back to that distant time when everything was new and full of promise. Perhaps then, we tell ourselves, we can start to make sense of the convoluted mess we are in today.But beginnings are rarely as clear-cut as we would like them to be. Take, for example, the event that most Americans associate with the start of the United States: the voyage of the Mayflower.We\'ve all heard at least some version of the story: how in 1620 the Pilgrims sailed to the New World in search of religious freedom; how after drawing up the Mayflower Compact, they landed at Plymouth Rock and befriended the local Wampanoags, who taught them how to plant corn and whose leader or sachem, Massasoit, helped them celebrate the First Thanksgiving. From this inspiring inception came the United States.Like many Americans, I grew up taking this myth of national origins with a grain of salt. In their wide-brimmed hats and buckled shoes, the Pilgrims were the stuff of holiday parades and bad Victorian poetry. Nothing could be more removed from the ambiguities of modern-day America, I thought, than the Pilgrims and the Mayflower.But, as I have since discovered, the story of the Pilgrims does not end with the First Thanksgiving. When we look to how the Pilgrims and the Wampanoags maintained more than fifty years of peace and how that peace suddenly erupted into one of the deadliest wars ever fought on American soil, the history of Plymouth Colony becomes something altogether new, rich, troubling, and complex. Instead of the story we already know, it becomes the story we need to know.Show more', 'Nathaniel Philbrick\'s book ""Mayflower"" appears at first glance to be merely a recounting of the Pilgrims journey to the New World and their miraculous survival that first winter culminating in the first Thanksgiving, that\'s all here, but takes up only about 80 pages of the 450+ page book. In reality, Philbrick offers the reader a complete history of Plymouth Colony from 1620-1691 (when it was merged into Massachusets Bay colony) The bulk of the narrative focuses on King Phillip\'s War (1675-76) for my money one of the most fascinating and under-reported armed conflicts in American History. Philbrick chronicles the main engagements of the war, in a very evenhanded way, praising the colonists bravery when warranted, while at the same time not being afraid to call them the savage butchers that they clearly were. He also does a great job of guiding the reader through understand the complex maze of ever-changing alliances between the colonists and the various native tribes of the region, and analysing how the conflict\'s long-term consequences helped shape America today. An appropriate book to read this time of year.Show more', 'The Mayflower sails on, more than 400 years after the little ship’s historic voyage from England to Massachusetts. And millions of Americans recall that voyage with particular affection when the Thanksgiving season comes around each November. Yet the Pilgrims’ journey to Plymouth was only a small part of a much longer and more complex history, as Nathaniel Philbrick makes clear in his 2006 book Mayflower: A Story of Courage, Community, and War.Philbrick has become one of the pre-eminent maritime historians of contemporary times; his 2000 book In the Heart of the Sea, a chronicle of the ill-fated whaling expedition that inspired Herman Melville’s composition of Moby Dick, was a National Book Award winner. And like that earlier book, Philbrick’s Mayflower delves into all that is difficult, messy, and painful about a historical episode that others might want to mythologize.The early chapters of Mayflower do indeed capture the challenges that the Pilgrims experienced as they sailed to New England, arrived at exactly the wrong time of year, and endured a “starving winter” of 1620-21 that left many of their number dead. By the autumn of 1621, when they celebrated that first Thanksgiving, the Pilgrims were indeed thankful to be alive, and understandably so.Philbrick dutifully sets forth what the Pilgrims and their Native American guests ate at that first Thanksgiving table – deer, ducks, turkey, and possibly fish, with freshly brewed beer to wash it all down. Philbrick feels obliged to remind us that “Alas, the Pilgrims were without pumpkin pies or cranberry sauce”, and that “The Pilgrims are with their fingers and their knives” (p. 118). While the term “thanksgiving” had specifically religious overtones, “there was also much about the gathering that was similar to a traditional English harvest festival” from medieval times (p. 117).Yet there is much more for Philbrick to reveal about the Pilgrims and their descendants in colonial Massachusetts – a grim scenario that takes the reader a long way from “Countless Victorian-era engravings” in which “the Pilgrims…spend the day sitting around a long table draped with a white linen cloth, clasping each other’s hands in prayer as a few curious Indians looked on” (p. 117). Indeed, by the time the first Thanksgiving meal is finished, there are more than 200 pages still left in the book, and the tale that Philbrick recounts is largely a grim one.The Pilgrims experienced cultural and religious tensions as more numerous Puritans – fellow Englishmen who wished to reform the Church of England rather than separate from it in the Pilgrim manner – established the nearby Massachusetts Bay colony that eventually absorbed and incorporated the Plymouth Colony. And, as in other parts of colonial America, questions of land deals caused tension between English and Indigenous inhabitants. The Wampanoag leader Massasoit was, famously, a friend to the Pilgrims; his generous behavior toward the hapless Plymouth colonists helped many of them survive that harsh winter of 1620-21, and may have saved the entire colony from destruction. But Massasoit’s generosity did not help his sons in their dealings with the Pilgrims. The eldest son of Massasoit, Wamsutta of Pokanoket, took the Christian name “Alexander” as a demonstration of his willingness to adapt to English ways; but when it was reported in 1662 that Alexander had been selling land to settlers from the rival colony of Rhode Island, Major Josiah Winslow – the son of Edward Winslow, the man who had set down that famous description of the first Thanksgiving – was sent out to arrest Alexander. The Pokanoket leader died on the journey back to Plymouth; there were rumors that he had been cruelly treated on the way; and “Alexander’s younger brother Philip…became convinced that Winslow had poisoned the sachem” (p. 204). While no one, either English or Indigenous, might have known it at the time, the stage was being set for a singularly bloody and cruel war.Alexander’s bereaved younger brother, Philip, originally had the name Metacomet, but he became known to history as King Philip. As Philip succeeded Alexander as sachem (elected chief) of the Wampanoag, his feelings that the English had to be expelled from Wampanoag land remained consistent, and the war effort that he led against the English, beginning in 1675, came to be known as King Philip’s War. It was a singularly cruel and bloody conflict, with abundant atrocities being committed on both sides; and there were times when it looked as though “the Indians might do as they had once threatened and drive the English to the very edge of the sea” (p. 302) – particularly at a time when the English faced not only determined Indigenous opposition but also a severe outbreak of influenza across New England.But King Philip, for all the seeming fearsomeness of his name, had his limitations as a war leader; and the capture and execution of the Narragansett sachem Canonchet, who “had earned the reputation for charismatic leadership that had so far eluded the more famous Philip” (p. 302), was representative of how the war turned in favor of the English. Also playing an important role in the resolution of the war was Mary Rowlandson, a 38-year-old Englishwoman who spent almost three months as a captive of the Indigenous forces. Six years before writing her account of her experiences, Captivity and Restoration (1682), Rowlandson met with King Philip and served as a sort of unofficial diplomatic negotiator, making good use of her knowledge of both English and Indigenous culture. Rowlandson, fortunately, made it back to English land, at a site in Princeton, Massachusetts, that is now called “Redemption Rock.” But her experience was far from typical. Casualties on both sides in the 1675-78 war were severe; the economies of colonies that would one day be six American states were wrecked; and Indigenous nations of New England, nations that had thrived in the region for thousands of years, were virtually wiped out. Among the dead was King Philip, shot in a swamp in Rhode Island; his wife and son were sold into slavery in Bermuda.An epilogue titled “Conscience” describes how the Thanksgiving commemoration evolved into a cultural celebration of which Americans are singularly proud. And yet, as Philbrick points out, “no matter how desperately our nation’s mythologizers might wish it had never happened, King Philip’s War will not go away” (p. 355). The intensity of the contrast between, on the one hand, the high ideals symbolized by the traditional Thanksgiving tableau of 1621 – a peaceful, multicultural celebration of the bounty of the American landscape – and, on the other hand, the brutal and violent reality of King Philip’s War 50 years later, is characteristic of Philbrick’s approach to history, and is at the heart of his book Mayflower.Show more', 'A little bit of a backstory on this, one of my ancestors came over on the Mayflower so I have a personal interest in the people who made the journey.This book featured the well written information I have come to expect by Nathaniel Philbrick. I enjoyed reading this piece of history.Possible spoilers......I didn’t give this book five stars, because I thought that one event was focused on too much, and not the actual people who made to journey and survived. I won’t say what the event it. You have to read the book and find out for yourself.Show more', ""This was an experience similar to David McCullough's John Adams biography for me. It opened my eyes to a world I only had vague images about. And, I come away a little bit bitter and bothered by many different aspects of human behavior, the big one: man's intolerance of other people and their cultures and many times, their ability to blame their bad behavior on the teachings of the Bible or other beliefs in whatever God they worshipped. The Puritans wanted to get away from the religious rules and regs at the time so that they could practice their religion freely. And yet, it's so ironic that they had very little ability to allow others that same freedom. Disingenuous, proud, sure that God was calling every shot whether good for them or bad for them, they marched ahead with this plan, and it was only with the help of some of the Indians they were even able to survive early on. While they were humble, had low numbers of people, had the support of the Indians, they were peaceful. But as the next generations grew up, they became greedy, selfish and started pushing the Indians around like they were a nuisance, slaves, taking up space, etc. And so, certain of the Indians banded together and started a holy war against their better equipped, better organized and unforgiving Englishmen/Puritan and Pilgrims. It seems like once blood started flowing, no one could think straight and many looked at the Indians as filthy dirty devils. Certainly there was a tremendous case to be made from the Indian perspective that certain of the English were the exact same thing: lying, killing, sanctimonious bastards who never lived up to promises they had made. It has been easy for past historians to whitewash all of the things that happened. This author pointed out that there were good and bad people on both sides of the fence. Really good people. But the end result for me is that the Indians were screwed, got a raw deal, lived in a whole different world that was virtually destroyed, and I feel sick about it. Thanks for guiding me to this book, Michael. Show more"", ""A must-read if you're from New England or interested in early colonial era history. Philbrick's Mayflower is written to capture your interest in a way you might not expect a book on the Pil--*YAWN!*--grims could. You'll find much more detail with way more truth in this book than anything you learned about those uptight prigs in elementary school! Show more"", ""Fascinating narrative of the Pilgrim's and the Native Americans in the New England area beginning with the journey from England and Holland in 1620. Some information was new, some I had forgotten and some I had been misinformed from early school days. I so enjoy reading Philbrick's writing style!Show more"", '""Instead of the story we already know, it becomes the story we need to know.""This story had very little to do with the voyage of the Mayflower or even the Mayflower Compact but is indeed an in depth ""Story of Courage, Community, and War"". Growing up I had learned the popular version of the story of the Pilgrims. They left Europe seeking religious freedom and after a difficult voyage on the Mayflower settled in New England where they struggled to survive and the Native Americans came to their aide. There was a celebration with the Pilgrims and Native Americans that we now recognize as Thanksgiving and celebrate every November.Plymouth Colony consisted of more than just Pilgrims. They were joined on the Mayflower by others who were not part of their religious group. The ""Strangers"". Half of the colonists died the first year and another ship brought additional colonists to Plymouth who were not Pilgrims. Although the Pilgrims came to New England seeking religious freedom they were not very tolerant of others as the Quakers learned. Individuals were executed for crimes that were a violation of their beliefs.I have heard stories of how Native Americans were decimated by disease brought over from Europe but didn\'t realize the scope or how soon this happened. I also did not know about the many different tribes that lived in New England. One of these was the Pokenokets whose sachem (chief) was named Massasoit who formed and allegiance with the Pilgrims in order to enhance his position with respect to rival tribes. Another Native American who appeared to be supportive of the Pilgrims was named Squanto and acted as a translator but he was motivated by his own Machiavellian schemes. Clearly the Native Americans were not just passive dupes to exploitation and domination by Europeans.I had never heard of King Phillip\'s War. This was a 14 month conflict that nearly wiped out both the colonists and Native Americans. Phillip was the European name given to Massasoit\'s son and the reason he was called King Phillip was due to the fact that he apparently equated himself with King Charles. There was plenty of arrogance and stupidity on both sides and one has to wonder whether the war was inevitable.If there is a hero in this story I think it would be Benjamin Church, principal aide to Plymouth’s governor, Josiah Winslow. Throughout the conflict he appears to have recognized that the Native Americans were humans and not savages. He was an advocate to use some of the tribes as allies. He was also against selling Native Americans into slavery.This was an eye opening account of what life was really like in the earliest days of New England. It was brutal and we should be thankful that colonists and Native Americans did not totally wipe each other out due to their arrogance and stupidity.Show more', ""Non-fiction about the Pilgrims, including their journey to form a religious colony in New England, the first Thanksgiving, the early years of the Plymouth settlement and how they survived, and their relationships with the Indians, which were friendly at first, but deteriorated into war in subsequent generations. The first half of the book focuses on the arrival at Plymouth, the strong personalities of the inhabitants, and establishment of the colony, and the second half follows the next generations into King Philip’s War (1675-1677), an episode not often covered in our history classes, which set a sad precedent for how race relations between the settlers and the native population would proceed well into the nineteenth century. This book clears up numerous myths, which unfortunately continue to be perpetuated in elementary schools around America. We often skip from the Jamestown and Plymouth settlements to the American Revolution but miss a good bit of history in between. This book attempts to fill part of this gap. I thought the first half of the book flowed easily, while the second half gets extremely detailed in a blow-by-blow account of the King Philip’s war. I felt Philbrick did a good job of showing the motivations of the primary players, which I appreciated, especially considering the lengthy passage of time. Philbrick provides depth to this period in history through thorough research, logical assumptions, and direct story-telling, albeit limited by the dearth of source material, particularly of the native people. The author illuminates the complexities of the period in an informative and enlightening manner that gave me a deeper appreciation of era. The book includes an extensive bibliography, notes on each chapter, and remarkable maps. Content warnings include descriptions of executions, ritual torture, and other war-related violence. Recommended to readers of early American history. I can also recommend another of Philbrick's books: In the Heart of the Sea: The Tragedy of the Whaleship Essex (my review: https://www.goodreads.com/review/show...).Show more"", 'I think were it not that I\'ve been so spoiled by some amazing history books lately, I\'d be rating this five stars. It\'s certainly the perfect book to read right before American Thanksgiving. The Mayflower, as every American schoolchild has been taught, is the name of the ship that brought the ""Pilgrims,"" a group of religious dissenters, to America to establish one of the earliest English colonies. While still on board the male settlers signed the ""Mayflower Compact"" revered as a precursor to the American Declaration of Independence. There were 102 passengers who took that 65-day voyage--half of them wouldn\'t survive the winter--yet there are over 35 million of their descendents alive today--about ten percent of America\'s population. And the Pilgrims wouldn\'t have survived without the help of the surrounding Native population. We celebrate the harvest feast they held together with Thanksgiving every year--a holiday Philbrick writes ""would have probably baffled and appalled the godly Pilgrims."" After all, by Philbrick\'s account, these are people who cancelled Christmas--or at least tried.This is about a lot more than what the title ""Mayflower"" might suggest though. It\'s not just about the voyage or the original settlers. It\'s more an account of Amerindian/English relations in the first half century or so of the New England Puritan colonies, stretching from the landing in 1620 to ""King Philip\'s War"" ending in 1676. Philbrick does as best he can to include the perspective of the Natives, despite the fact that just about every extant account we have was written by the English colonists. He used what ""archeologists, anthropologists and folklorists"" could contribute to enhance the documentary record. He says the beginnings of this book was inspired by a Nantucket Native American symposium he attended and counts himself in debt to those attending in helping with his research. And certainly such Indian figures such as Squanto, Massasoit--and his son ""King"" Philip of the Wampanoags--come across as, or even more, vividly as such figures among the Pilgrims as Miles Standish or William Bradford. Philbrick struck me as fair to both sides of the conflicts. As he put it: My initial impression of the period was bounded by two conflicting preconceptions: the time-honored tradition of how the Pilgrims came to symbolize all that is good about America and the now equally familiar modern tale of how the evil Europeans annihilated the innocent Native Americans. I soon learned that the real-life Indians and English of the seventeenth century were too smart, too generous, too greedy, too brave--in short, too human--to behave so predictably.It\'s a great story both in substance and style that flew by--a real page turner. At least for anyone interested in American History. As Philbrick himself complains, we Americans tend too quickly to fly past the territory between the Plymouth Landing and the American Revolution. There\'s plenty in that period of over 150 years that shaped what we are as a country to be so blithely ignored. Philbrick does Americans a service in bringing some of that history to light. It\'s well-written, well-researched and sourced, and accessible to the layman.Show more', 'Unabridged audio book.I read (""listened to"" in this case) this over Thanksgiving a while back. It\'s a pretty good attempt at an even handed treatment of the subject. I find that while earlier versions of the story tend to view the Pilgrims universally as heroic (not a bad thing for young students in my view) the more recent attempts have gone the other way. There seems to be a need to see them almost as villains. They were of course, human, a mixture of good and bad. Many of the things they did that have been painted as evil were simply the product of misunderstanding between cultures. There is at least an attempt to recognize that here.The story follows the Europeans (Pilgrims) and the Indians (Native Americans) through meeting, working out a peace and the length of that peace until it\'s failure.I believe that anytime two cultures meet there doesn\'t need to be ""imperial intentions"". the more advanced society tends to ""swallow up"" the not so advanced society (the Picts of Scotland might bear that out.) So it was with the native American Cultures. There was never any chance that they would be ""walled off"" and kept around as a sort of continent wide museum. The people who came here saw land not being used and didn\'t understand the Native American way of looking at it. I could go on, but you get the point. Constant self flagellation at this point is counter productive. Also, there is a lesson here we might want to keep in mind if any life form ever does show up in an interplanetary ship or steps out of an interstellar gate. Just a thought. :)Show more', 'This is a book that I had my eye on for some time but could never pull the trigger on buying. I saw it at the library recently and decided to check it out. I think a better title would have been: Plymouth, The Pokanokets and King Philip’s War. The vast majority of the book is about the Pilgrims relations with the Indians of the region and the war that eventually broke out. I didn’t mind, really, as I have never really read anything at all about the early colonial days in New England. The book is well written and engaging. I found it to be an easy book to read. I will definitely be reading more of Philbrick’s works in the future. Show more', 'Big sigh of relief to have finally gotten through this.....Like a lot of other people, I imagined this book would be about the Mayflower and its passengers, and what they did when they reached America -- seeing how the title of the book is ""Mayflower: A Story of Courage, Community and War."" That\'s the book Philbrick wrote for the first 100 pages or so, but evidently, he changed his mind and decided he was going to write something else after that. It\'s too bad he didn\'t change the title while he was at it. The rest of the book, until the last 10 pages is a lengthy, dull, battle-by-battle account about King Phillip\'s War, which I\'d never heard of, and I doubt many other readers have either. That\'s not to say it\'s unimportant. It is a crucial part of early American/United States history that set the tone for all the subsequent Indian wars in this country. Of that, there\'s no doubt. Unfortunately, the history as Philbrick has written it is hard to follow, and his bias becomes painfully obvious as the narrative progresses. Even though Philip, an Indian sachem, started the war, which involved the brutal murder of unarmed English settlers multiple times, Philbrick seems to think the Indians were the only victims who unfairly lost their land and lives. In fact, if the English would have just packed up and gone back to England amidst all this carnage, all would be well with the world today, he seems assert.The first part of the book does a decent job of giving us background about the Pilgrims and the social and political reasons they had for leaving Holland -- more background that most readers and Americans have no idea about. I\'d hoped the book would continue with that history and talk about how the rest of New England colonies were settled and why, but he glosses over the rest of the ""English"" history of the time period and veers off into a military play-by-play so full of arcane detail, I\'m not sure many readers would be able to follow it. If you\'re not intimately familiar with the geography and topography of the Massachusetts, Connecticut and Rhode Island coastlines, as well as all the Indian tribes who were living there in the 1620s to 1640s, you\'re probably going to have a hard time with this book. Show more', '„Mayflower. Opowieść o początkach Ameryki” stawia pytanie: jak zaczęła się Ameryka? I odpowiada na nie w sposób absolutnie fascynujący. Warto zaznaczyć, że tytułowy statek to jedynie początek, wskazówka, bo sama historia opisana przez Nathaniela Philbricka skupia się na procesie wykuwania nowego miasta, państwa i społeczeństwa na nowej nieznanej ziemi, w znoju i tych krótkich chwilach wywalczonego pokoju oraz krwawej, bezlitosnej wojny. Autor obala mity i ukazuje, jak pierwsi koloniści nazywani czasem religijnymi separatystami i ekstremistami, unikali jak ognia teokracji i dążyli w kierunku państwa, którym ostatecznie stały się Stany Zjednoczone. Bo ta podróż, tak historyczna jak i filozoficzna, nie zaczyna się wcale od Deklaracji Niepodległości i mów Franklina, Adamsa, Jeffersona i Waszyngtona. Nie. Ta podróż zaczyna się już w 1620 roku, właśnie tutaj, od marzenia, od przeprawy, od statku Mayflower, ale przede wszystkim od tych ludzi, którzy porzucili wszystko w imię wolności, by stworzyć dom po drugiej stronie oceanu – pielgrzymów Nowego Świata.Wspaniała, wciągająca lektura nie tylko dla miłośników historii!Show more', ""Hollywood could make a great movie out of this story. Especially Benjamin Church who, during King Philip's War, became the first quintessential American frontiersman. Miles Standish was a bully and a bore. The whole venture would have been a death sentence without the intervention of the native people (who didn't just help out of the goodness of their hearts.) Highly enlightening.Show more"", ""4.5 ratingLike many Americans, I knew the basic story surrounding the story of the Pilgrims and their settlement at Plymouth. I was fascinated though, in reading this book, to find so much more in the details of the realities of what happened behind the mythic nature of many of those stories. It makes sense why the Pilgrims were at times mythologized, such as what really happened with the first Thanksgiving, especially much later during the outbreak of the Civil War, when there was a “public need for a restorative myth of national origins”. I really enjoyed this telling of what really happened.It is interesting also that most people know about the Pilgrims, but it seems in the popular imagination, for many Americans, America began with them and then nothing of note happened for 150 years until the Revolution began. This book breaks that idea as we initially learn all about the first generation of Pilgrims who arrived here and all that they faced, but it is the subsequent generation that the latter half of the book is focused on as the conflict known as King Philip's War rears its head.While the book does get off to a bit of a slow start, I loved hearing though about the initial encounters between the Pilgrims and Natives and all the little details like sharing food and the Natives hating mustard, or that the Natives would create these “memory holes” in places where something really important happened, they would dig a hole and it was everyone’s responsibility to keep the various holes cleaned so that stories could be passed down that way like historical markers.During the initial major conflict between the two groups, I was shocked to learn of some of the brutality from the Pilgrims, or other things you wouldn’t expect like how they weren’t tolerant of other religions, or that the Pilgrims worshiped God with guns at their sides, or that later during King Philip’s War, they sold an estimated 1,000 Native Americans into slavery. It's a complex history but it's written so well as to show real human beings living under extraordinary circumstances and the lengths they'd go, although without excusing it unnecessarily, and the author doesn't shy away from at times criticizing their behavior like when they stole food from the Natives or dug up Native graves, etc.King Philip’s War was the most fascinating section to learn about. I followed along with every detail on a map and loved it. Speaking of maps, the author provides some great maps throughout whenever we get to a new area. The writing was dramatic and intense, and there were so many stories that were just so cinematic in nature I can’t believe it hasn’t been made into a movie yet. The author has a great way of just putting you in the person’s shoes we’re talking about and bringing the time and place to life.It is crazy to think about the reality of this small group of people going to a wild land, many of them dying in the first year, and then they managed to not only survive but also it is estimated that approximately 35 million descendants of the Mayflower passengers survive to this day, or about 10% of the total United States population. It is also crazy to think about the Native population who was living there prior to the arrival of the Pilgrims and how much their lives were uprooted and changed.This history, although complicated, tragic, and complex, is great to learn for people who love American history for many ways, but also in the fact that one sees a direct link between it and the figures who later rose in this region like John Adams and Benjamin Franklin, in a similar way that reading about Jamestown creates a link between it and figures that came later in Virginia like Washington, Jefferson and Madison. It’s a great read and I’d recommend it!Show more"", 'When most of us think of the Pilgrims we hearken back to our days in grammar school for their story - religious freedom, funny hats, an overseas trip on a very small ship, the first Thanksgiving, Squanto and Miles Standish - which in and of itself is all true. The complete Pilgrims\' tale is of course much more complex and is told here in an excellent book.The Pilgrims were a separatist group - their goal to return to religious basics - who believed that The Church of England was out of control. Reading the writing on the proverbial wall and understanding they were not welcome in their homeland; the Pilgrims packed their bags and bibles and made their way to Holland. When the option to settle in the New World became a reality, their religious leader, John Robinson, viewed this as an opportunity to begin with a religious clean slate; their sponsors saw a money making proposition and the British government saw an opportunity to compete with France and Spain for a foothold in North America. Such began the trials and adventures of the Pilgrims and where Philbrick picks up their story.The Pilgrims were somewhat naïve and taken advantage of even before they boarded the Mayflower, money and valuable time lost before their trip was made. After 65 days on the Atlantic, battling the elements and the sea, they made landfall far north of their destination - Provincetown Bay instead of the mouth of the Hudson River. After nearly losing it all in an attempt to travel down the US coast and in sight of land, the Pilgrims decided Massachusetts wasn\'t such a bad place after all, the Mayflower Compact was signed and they made their way ashore on November 11th, 1620.This just the beginning of the Pilgrims\' story - the next 55+ years are chronicled here - and it\'s a hell of a read. Literally fighting for their survival, the Pilgrims built a colony from scratch, fighting disease, starvation and the weather. They encountered a political situation amongst the Native American tribes that rivals what they left behind in Europe. (For instance Squanto was not simply the altruistic savior we\'ve come to believe and Massasoit, another sachem or Indian Chief, was much more instrumental in the survival of the Plymouth Colony.)With their survival and subsequent success, the Pilgrims were soon followed by not only fellow religious freedom seekers but those looking to make a financial profit. The culmination of this initial influx of Europeans was the tragic and bloody 14 month clash now known as King Philip\'s War. (Philip being the son of Massasoit.) This war was not the simple ""white man versus red man"" conflict one may think and acquaints us with not just Philip, but men such as Benjamin Church - a courageous soldier who realized annihilating the native population was not the ""solution"".This book doesn\'t so much as rewrite history as clarify it. Not all of it is pretty, but it is fascinating. Mayflower is highly recommended.Show more', 'Thoughts soon.', ""Interesting read, and by far the best account of the Pilgrims' ordeal that I've seen so far. The first half of the book is a real page-turner which details the pre-Mayflower days in England and Holland -the ordeal of finding financing while avoiding persecution from their mother country - and moves on to the 10-week voyage and the harrowing first winter in Plymouth. The author then skips forward about 40 years, to give his account of King Philip's war and the consequent annihilation of most of New England's indiginous peoples (as well as the ultimate destruction of European-Indian relations). My problem was that I felt that by glossing over the years between the first days of the colony and the war with Massasoit's son, we aren't given enough of a context for the war, and I felt I wanted to understand both sides. The author continually refers to the grown children of the Mayflower passengers and how the ideals outlined in the Compact were broken down over the years, but since we aren't let in on the *story*, we simply have to take the author's word for it. As a result, I found the account of the war a bit less interesting than the first half of the book.I will say this: Philbrick does make many of the historical characters come alive - particularly Miles Standish and Benjamin Church - fleshing out and breathing life into many of the figures that we all have embedded in our consciousness as grade-school characatures. Show more"", ""It's good. Philbrick includes so much interesting information upon the physical world, beyond the historic events and people. Especially within ship voyages, as he does here with the Gulf Stream.These people on the Mayflower were serious about their religion. And to have such faith in their God's protection! But it is nearly impossible to form the perceptions and conceptions of their reality to what they would find, IMHO. Because their entire worldview was so elementally different. Four of those kids on the voyage were parceled out by a unforgiving husband to people who had no blood relation. So many things were common that we would be appalled at in base cognition. The conflicts. And the strange alliances. He is very good at his description and explanation. But I did not enjoy this one as much as I did his Heart of the Sea. Perhaps because I knew so much more about the era previously.Show more"", ""When I’m about to start a history book and see that there are about 100 pages of Notes and Bibliography, I know I’m in for a comprehensive overview. When an author can combine that thoroughness with a great storytelling ability, then you may just have a classic in your hands. Nathaniel Philbrick came pretty close to that with this book, assuring it a snug spot in my top ten history books. I can see why a few reviewers docked a star or two from their ratings. The title ‘Mayflower’ may be a bit misleading. If you’re looking for a nice story of the first Thanksgiving, the Pilgrims and the landing at Plymouth Rock, you’re in for a rude awakening. While those events are covered in just a few pages, what you get instead is the full fifty-six year story of how “New England” was conquered by the English… in all its gory details. Massachusetts, Rhode Island, Connecticut, Vermont, Maine and New Hampshire were territories taken from the native inhabitants via unscrupulous land purchases and outright force. Philbrick notes how, instead of being the story we all think we already know, this is the story we all need to know. And once you know it, I find it hard to believe anyone can still have a romanticized image of America’s founding. I’ve been reading about the plains tribes of North America (Lakota, Cheyenne, Osages, Navajo, Apaches, etc...) and their various wars against the expanding colonies. But I wanted to know about the original peoples of the territories comprising those 13 colonies. Was there one single indigenous power in the region now known as ‘New England’? How many tribes were there initially? What was their political structure? Has that information been lost? This book answers all of that, with its focus being mainly on southern New England (Massachusetts, Connecticut and Rhode Island). After reading this book, I was struck with the realization of how fast everything radically changed for the indigenous nations of the eastern coast of present-day United Sates. I’m in my mid-30s and my mom is in her mid-60s, so together we’ve lived 100 years. I don’t view that as very long at all.So let’s do a little mental exercise and go through ‘New England’ history in one-hundred year increments.In 1576, ‘New England’ native tribes were fully living according to their own way of life (a seasonal settlement pattern -> mix of subsistence agriculture, including large corn plantations with slash and burn techniques and countless seasonal rituals which kept them on the move, along with more traditional hunting and gathering). By 1575, the native tribes were well aware of white explorers, seeing their first Italian explorer in 1524. …one hundred years later…In 1676, the ‘New England’ native tribes were engaged in an all-out war for survival against the colonists. …one hundred years later…In 1776, most of ‘New England’ was already fully conquered by the English. I’m simultaneously reading ‘1776’ by David McCullough, and it’s striking to see that only 100 years after the events of ‘Mayflower’ (the conclusion of Metacom’s War in 1676), how Boston and New England were at the heart of events in the first year of the American Revolution (Bunker Hill, Boston Tea Party, Siege at Boston). McCullough notes how the British soldiers arriving in New England were surprised at the prosperity of those early colonists. Far from the crowded European countries, the American colonies were spacious and flourishing. …one hundred years later…In 1876, ‘New England’ was the main driving force of America’s dominance during the 19th Century Industrial Revolution, with the highest literacy rates in the world, the best education and the most industrial innovations (I’m also reading ‘The Battle Cry of Freedom’ which drives this point home). New England was thriving like almost no other place on earth at the time.It really hits home that these successes came not in spite of, but because of this initial violence. It could have not happened without the domination and genocide of the natives tribes as described in this book.There are some great notes on indigenous warfare being more about bravery and honor rather than body count. During the Pequot war, the Narragansetts were surprised at the level of brutality of the English, when hundreds of Pequot men, women and children were slaughtered in one of the first true genocidal acts of the colonists. Philbrick notes how in native wars, only a handful of warriors would be killed at each major battle. In this event, the Narraganstett warriors (although at the time allied with the English) angrily protested the slaughter, claiming “it is too furious, and slays too many men”. The Narragansetts had attempted to get assurances that no women and children would be killed before the battle. But none of those assurances were upheld. But far from being solely the victims of colonialism, I learned that the various tribes put up a strong fight, with hundreds of colonists losing their lives in the wars. Even a full year after the beginning of Metacom’s war, it looked like the native tribes might win. If it wasn’t for some key alliances that could not be made, the natives would have won. But unfortunately some native tribes aligned with the British (because they were further away from the British encroaching on their lands), like the powerful Mohawks of upstate New York. They had a long standing dislike of many New England tribes. If the Mohawks had agreed to join Metacom with his existing alliance against the English, the colonists would have lost. History would have been changed forever. The other determining factor was the European’s ability to get constant re-supplies of ammo and food from Britain to sustain the war effort. While the Pokanokets were struggling to amass enough food for the coming winter after the English burned down one thousand acres of native grown corn… a corn field as far as the eye could see. I sometimes hear the justification that whites won the war fairly, and therefore are entitled to the spoils of war (the land). But as I’ve learned over and over again, Europeans didn’t have a strong sense of honor in warfare. For example, on Page 252, Philbrick writes how in 1675, Winslow assures any native who surrenders would be granted amnesty. Several hundred natives then surrendered in Plymouth, but Winslow reneged. He sends ALL of them to Spain as slaves. All throughout the war, hundreds of native men who could be potentially warriors, were shipped off as slaves in the Caribbean. Massasoit’s son, the Chief of the Pokanokets, was beheaded and his wife and son were sent to the Caribbean as slaves. We learn how after that first winter in the Plymouth colony, half of the pilgrims and mercenaries (and their families) were dead, mostly due to starvation and sickness. Without the agricultural assistance provided by Squanto, a Patuxet man, the early colony would not have survived at all. It was only many decades later, after pilgrim survival no longer depended upon friendship with the natives, the grown children of the original pilgrims started to view the indigenous population as an impediment to their future prosperity. Their focus soon became about stealing or taking the natives’ land however possible. I have only one slightly negative comment. While Nathanial Philbrick stays as neutral as possible, or even writes with contempt at times regarding the English’s actions, he did look for a hero in Benjamin Church, and in the last few pages of the book writes about Church being an exemplary American caught in an impossible situation. But given that Benjamin Church captured and sent hundreds of native warriors as slaves, I can’t be down with that conclusion. It left a slight sour taste in my mouth, but the book was so good that I can’t knock it too much. I suppose Europeans need at least one good character when looking back at the formative years of the U.S. I’m sure there were many white colonists who wanted nothing to do with the war… we’ll likely never hear their stories. They may have joined native tribes and lived their lives that way. Or just returned to England. Certainly Roger Williams of Rhode Island tried to separate himself from all the bloodshed. But even he wanted more and more indigenous lands as the years went on. The other slight scruple I have is with the discussion whereby Philbrick and other scholars note that there were 56 years of peace between natives and pilgrims, before the all-out, genocidal race war that ensued (Metacom’s War in 1675). He mentions that in those 56 years, there were real examples of a possible alternate future of peaceful coexistence. While I do believe there were many good examples of coexistence, I don’t think the ‘56-years of peace’ line really holds up, given Philbrick’s own account. This peace was only with Massasoit and his Pokanoket tribe (forebears of the modern day Wampanoag tribe). In fact, fighting and conflict happened almost right away with the Nausets getting in a shootout (arrow-fight / gun-fight) with the Pilgrims in the ‘First Encounter’. The Pilgrims and mercenaries proceed to rob massive amounts of corn they found hidden (an obvious storage spot used by the Nausets for the coming winter). Stealing and outright violence were the very first interactions and they would presage what was to come. By 1623, just three years after landing, Miles Standish, the pilgrim’s military leader, invited two Massachusetts warriors (Pecksuot and Wituwamat) to lunch and while they were eating, brutally attacked them, stabbing them to death. Other innocent natives were ordered killed as a show of force near present-day Boston. The Massachusetts natives started calling the Pilgrims ‘wotawquenange’, or ‘cutthroats’ after that incident. In 1637, the genocidal Pequot War occurred in present-day Connecticut, led by several veterans of Europe’s bloody Thirty Years War. In 1676, the all-out race war ensued. That doesn’t look like a 56-year peace to me. That looks more like constant warfare with the natives, and a 56-year tenuous peace between the Pokanokets and the Plymouth colony. But overall this book is well researched so you learn tons of small but interesting details (like the native remedy for wounds; oak leaves over a gunshot wound...which an english captive confirmed works). There are great maps interspersed throughout with some pictures which adds some context to the story. Philbrick is fair to the native perspective and doesn’t sugar coat atrocities, like when speaking about Captain Samuel Mosley who, in official documentation to Boston officials, bragged about sending a captive Indian woman to be torn to pieces by dogs, on some real-life Ramsay Bolton ish. The natives hated him more than anyone in all of New England.The book is filled with incredible characters and several indigenous leaders come to life, including Massasoit, Squanto, Metacom, and the Narragansett Chief Miantonomi. I think it's important to remember their struggles and their names. What more can I say? Philbrick is showing em’ how it’s done. Tackling a large and sensitive topic, he did exhaustive research, basically reading everything ever written on the topic and then synthesizing it into a well paced, action packed, tragic story. All I can say is bravo. This is how to properly tackle native american history by a white writer. I’m looking forward to reading Philbrick’s book on the fight at the Greasy Grass. Show more"", 'Nathaniel Philbrick\'s ""Mayflower"" is a wonderful rendering of the founding of the Plymouth Colony and its first half century. The book traces the founding event in 1620 to disaffection by a set of English Puritans. They moved to the Netherlands and sought to assure passage to the New World. The ship that they used for this adventure was, of course, the Mayflower. The book traces the difficult voyage of 102 passengers over two months. Living conditions were nasty. We meet some of the central characters early in this book: Miles Standish, the soldier; William Bradford; Edward Winslow, among others. Finally, the Mayflower gets to the New World and the ship looked for a proper landing area. After a number of adventures, they settled on what we now call Plymouth. The landing took place later in the year, so that conditions were challenging. Early on, the colonists benefited from a delicate relationship with the Native Americans led by Massasoit, who figured that his weakened tribe (depleted by illness) might gain by allying with the English to protect themselves from other Native American nations. Too, we meet Squanto, another Native American who worked with the colonists. The first part of the book spends much time describing how the colony stabilized and began to grow. The volume also discusses the relationship of Plymouth with the other colonies being developed in New England. The book also discusses in detail the tragic King Philip\'s War. After Massasoit\'s death, one of his sons, Philip, began war against the colonists in New England (not just Plymouth). It was a violent war, with much death and destruction among colonists and Native Americans\' alike. The author notes that Plymouth Colony lost about 8% of its males in the war. This compares to about 4-5% death rate in the Civil War and about 1% in World War II. The death rate from war among Native Americans was 10%. The end result (page 345): ""Fifty-six years after the sailing of the Mayflower, the Pilgrims\' children had not only defeated the Pokanokets in a devastating war, they had taken conscious, methodical measures to purge the land of its people."" All in all, this book brings to life the challenges facing those who came over on the Mayflower. And it tells the ongoing story of the colonists for a half century after the landing at Plymouth. A very good read and a well recommended work. Show more', 'Philbrick tells two stories, one of the Pilgrims, devout separatist Puritans who founded Plymouth Colony in 1620 seeking religious freedom and peace; another of succeeding generations with less worthy motivations. Philbrick is at his very best describing the first generation, their sacrifice and hardships, their faith and fortitude, their reliance on the help of the Indians and their striving for cooperation and peaceful coexistence. But before long their high ideals began to erode. Then in the 1630’s and early 1640’s many thousands of less principled Puritans settled in New England. As the colonies grew exponentially so did the demand for more land for crops, pasture and timber. The colonists became increasingly concerned with economic enrichment and used their religion to justify it at the Indians expense. The Indians too were becoming dependent on and corrupted by European goods. Both sides engaged in duplicity and mayhem. Alliances were constantly made and broken between Indian and colonial communities. A chaotic web of relationships ensued that culminated in King Philip’s War in 1675, an extremely bloody conflict that also devastated the New England economy. Philbrick’s narrative of the Pilgrims reads like a novel but gives way to a more typical history as he recounts the numerous battles and figures involved in this first major Indian war. We see how the Puritans decimated the Indian population, killing thousands and shipping thousands more off as slaves for profit. They won the Indian’s land but they would lose the freedom from the Crown that their fathers had sought. A few years later King James II appointed a royal governor for New England. The colonies now had to rely on England to recover from the war and ensure their continued expansion. Thus the stage was set for more wars against the Indians, wars against the French and ultimately for war against their homeland 100 years later. In just 55 years from the landing at Plymouth to the outbreak of King Philip’s War New England grew from a small band of separatist Puritans to tens of thousands of colonists who recreated the violent world they left behind in Europe and whose descendants would in turn rebel against the authority their ancestors had escaped.Show more', 'On the positive side, I thought this book was well researched and clearly written. I also valued that this book brought to light a realistic view of how the Pilgrims approached the Native American people, land, and resources. However, I found the book to be less about the voyage of the Mayflower and the overall life of the Pilgrims settling Plymouth Colony, and more of a factual recitation of the continuous conflict that ensued between the Pilgrims and the Native Americans. The book is less like typical narrative non-fiction with a handful of developed characters and engaging events, and more like a textbook with a chronological account that includes many individuals and a stream of activity. I listened to the audio version of this book and, although I do like detailed non-fiction, I found myself increasing the audio speed in order to power through the many details of the military conflict in the last several chapters.I think this book would appeal most to those with a strong interest in the specific details of the conflict between the arriving Pilgrims and the residing Native Americans.Show more']"
345,The Light Between Oceans,"Librarian's note: An alternate cover edition can be found hereAustralia, 1926. After four harrowing years fighting on the Western Front, Tom Sherbourne returns home to take a job as the lighthouse keeper on Janus Rock, nearly half a day's journey from the coast. To this isolated island, where the supply boat comes once a season and shore leaves are granted every other year at best, Tom brings a young, bold, and loving wife, Isabel. Years later, after two miscarriages and one stillbirth, the grieving Isabel hears a baby's cries on the wind. A boat has washed up onshore carrying a dead man and a living baby. Tom, whose records as a lighthouse keeper are meticulous and whose moral principles have withstood a horrific war, wants to report the man and infant immediately. But Isabel has taken the tiny baby to her breast. Against Tom's judgment, they claim her as their own and name her Lucy. When she is two, Tom and Isabel return to the mainland and are reminded that there are other people in the world. Their choice has devastated one of them. M. L. Stedman's mesmerizing, beautifully written debut novel seduces us into accommodating Isabel's decision to keep this ""gift from God."" And we are swept into a story about extraordinarily compelling characters seeking to find their North Star in a world where there is no right answer, where justice for one person is another's tragic loss.",2012,M.L. Stedman,36955,442501,362,Fiction,4.04,[]
346,Dead in the Family,"It's all about family ...Sookie Stackhouse is dealing with a whole host of family problems, ranging from her own kin (a non-human fairy and a telepathic second cousin) demanding a place in her life, to her lover Eric's vampire sire, an ancient being who arrives with Eric's 'brother' in tow at a most inopportune moment. And Sookie's tracking down a distant relation of her ailing neighbour (and ex), Vampire Bill Compton.In addition to the multitude of family issues complicating her life, the werewolf pack of Shreveport has asked Sookie for a special favour, and since Sookie is an obliging young woman, she agrees. But this favour for the wolves has dire results for Sookie, who is still recovering from the trauma of her abduction during the Fairy War.",2010,Charlaine Harris,5682,159589,320,Fantasy,3.89,[]
347,Magical Thinking,"From the #1 bestselling author of Running with Scissors and Dry--a contagiously funny, heartwarming, shocking, twisted, and absolutely magical collection. True stories that give voice to the thoughts we all have but dare not mention. It begins with a Tang Instant Breakfast Drink television commercial when Augusten was seven. Then there is the contest of wills with the deranged cleaning lady. The execution of a rodent carried out with military precision and utter horror. Telemarketing revenge. Dating an undertaker and much more. A collection of true stories that are universal in their appeal yet unabashedly intimate and very funny.",2004,Augusten Burroughs,1693,56420,304,Memoir,3.95,[]
348,The Kindly Ones,"  Named one of the ""100 Best Books of the Decade"" by The Times of London   ""Oh my human brothers, let me tell you how it happened.""    A former Nazi officer, Dr. Maximilien Aue has reinvented himself, many years after the war, as a middle-class family man and factory owner in France. An intellectual steeped in philosophy, literature, and classical music, he is also a cold-blooded assassin and the consummate bureaucrat. Through the eyes of this cultivated yet monstrous man we experience in disturbingly precise detail the horrors of the Second World War and the Nazi genocide of the Jews. Eichmann, Himmler, Göring, Speer, Heydrich, Höss—even Hitler himself—play a role in Max's story. An intense and hallucinatory historical epic, The Kindly Ones is also a morally challenging read. It holds a mirror up to humanity—and the reader cannot look away. ","d."" ",Jonathan Littell,1311,12674,100,Fiction,3.98,[]
349,Falling Man,"There is September 11 and then there are the days after, and finally the years.Falling Man is a magnificent, essential novel about the event that defines turn-of-the-century America. It begins in the smoke and ash of the burning towers and tracks the aftermath of this global tremor in the intimate lives of a few people.First there is Keith, walking out of the rubble into a life that he'd always imagined belonged to everyone but him. Then Lianne, his estranged wife, memory-haunted, trying to reconcile two versions of the same shadowy man. And their small son Justin, standing at the window, scanning the sky for more planes.These are lives choreographed by loss, grief and the enormous force of history.",2007,Don DeLillo,1474,15954,246,Fiction,3.26,[]
350,The Snow Child,"Alaska, 1920: a brutal place to homestead, and especially tough for recent arrivals Jack and Mabel. Childless, they are drifting apart - he breaking under the weight of the work of the farm; she crumbling from loneliness and despair. In a moment of levity during the season's first snowfall, they build a child out of snow. The next morning the snow child is gone - but they glimpse a young, blonde-haired girl running through the trees. This little girl, who calls herself Faina, seems to be a child of the woods. She hunts with a red fox at her side, skims lightly across the snow, and somehow survives alone in the Alaskan wilderness. As Jack and Mabel struggle to understand this child who could have stepped from the pages of a fairy tale, they come to love her as their own daughter. But in this beautiful, violent place, things are rarely as they appear, and what they eventually learn about Faina will transform all of them.",2012,Eowyn Ivey,17385,139201,386,Fiction,3.99,[]
351,A Painted House,"""The hill people and the Mexicans arrived on the same day. It was a Wednesday, early in September 1952. The Cardinals were five games behind the Dodgers with three weeks to go, and the season looked hopeless. The cotton, however, was waist-high to my father, over my head, and he and my grandfather could be heard before supper whispering words that were seldom heard. It could be a ""good crop.""Thus begins the new novel from John Grisham, a story inspired by his own childhood in rural Arkansas. The narrator is a farm boy named Luke Chandler, age seven, who lives in the cotton fields with his parents and grandparents in a little house that's never been painted. The Chandlers farm eighty acres that they rent, not own, and when the cotton is ready they hire a truckload of Mexicans and a family from the Ozarks to help harvest it.For six weeks they pick cotton, battling the heat, the rain, the fatigue, and sometimes each other. As the weeks pass Luke sees and hears things no seven-year-old could possibly be prepared for, and he finds himself keeping secrets that not only threaten the crop but will change the lives of the Chandlers forever. ©2000, 2001 Belfry Holdings, Inc. (P)2001 Random House, Inc. Bantam Doubleday Dell Audio Publishing, a Division of Random House, Inc.",2001,John Grisham,4682,89534,384,Fiction,3.74,[]
352,Evermore,"The first book in Alyson Noël's extraordinary new Immortals series. Enter an enchanting new world, where true love never dies...After a horrible accident claims the lives of her family, sixteen-year-old Ever Bloom can see people's auras, hear their thoughts, and know someone's entire life story by touching them. Going out of her way to avoid human contact to suppress her abilities, she has been branded a freak at her new high school—but everything changes when she meets Damen Auguste.Damen is gorgeous, exotic and wealthy. He's the only one who can silence the noise and random energy in her head—wielding a magic so intense, it's as though he can peer straight into her soul. As Ever is drawn deeper into his enticing world of secrets and mystery, she's left with more questions than answers. And she has no idea just who he really is—or what he is. The only thing she knows to be true is that she's falling deeply and helplessly in love with him.",2009,Alyson Noel,10286,283999,301,Young Adult,3.59,[]
353,The Fortress of Solitude,"From the prize-winning author of Motherless Brooklyn, a daring, riotous, sweeping novel that spins the tale of two friends and their adventures in late 20th-century America. This is the story of two boys, Dylan Ebdus and Mingus Rude. They live in Brooklyn and are friends and neighbours; but since Dylan is white and Mingus is black, their friendship is not simple. This is the story of 1970s America, a time when the simplest decisions—what music you listen to, whether to speak to the kid in the seat next to you, whether to give up your lunch money—are laden with potential political, social and racial disaster. This is also the story of 1990s America, when nobody cared anymore. This is the story of what would happen if two teenaged boys obsessed with comic book heroes actually had superpowers: they would screw up their lives.",2003,Jonathan Lethem,1546,23383,528,Fiction,3.84,[]
354,Linger,"the longing.Once Grace and Sam have found each other, they know they must fight to stay together. For Sam, this means a reckoning with his werewolf past. For Grace, it means facing a future that is less and less certain.the loss.Into their world comes a new wolf named Cole, whose past is full of hurt and danger. He is wrestling with his own demons, embracing the life of a wolf while denying the ties of being a human.the linger.For Grace, Sam, and Cole, life a constant struggle between two forces - wolf and human - with love baring its two sides as well. It is harrowing and euphoric, freeing and entrapping, enticing and alarming. As their world falls apart, love is what lingers. But will it be enough?",2010,Maggie Stiefvater,9941,165447,362,Young Adult,3.88,[]
355,From Dead to Worse,"After the natural disaster of Hurricane Katrina and the manmade explosion at the vampire summit, everyone human and otherwise is stressed, including Louisiana cocktail waitress Sookie Stackhouse, who is trying to cope with the fact that her boyfriend Quinn has gone missing. It's clear that things are changing whether the weres and vamps of her corner of Louisiana like it or not. And Sookie, Friend to the Pack and blood-bonded to Eric Northman, leader of the local vampire community is caught up in the changes. In the ensuing battles, Sookie faces danger, death, and once more, betrayal by someone she loves. And when the fur has finished flying and the cold blood finished flowing, her world will be forever altered.",2008,Charlaine Harris,3945,184193,368,Fantasy,4.01,[]
356,The Reluctant Fundamentalist,"At a café table in Lahore, a bearded Pakistani man converses with an uneasy American stranger. As dusk deepens to night, he begins the tale that has brought them to this fateful encounter…Changez is living an immigrant's dream of America. At the top of his class at Princeton, he is snapped up by an elite valuation firm. He thrives on the energy of New York, and his budding romance with elegant, beautiful Erica promises entry into Manhattan society at the same exalted level once occupied by his own family back in Lahore.But in the wake of September 11, Changez finds his position in his adopted city suddenly overturned, and his relationship with Erica shifting. And Changez's own identity is in seismic shift as well, unearthing allegiances more fundamental than money, power, and maybe even love. ""Extreme times call for extreme reactions, extreme writing. Hamid has done something extraordinary with this novel."" —Washington Post""One of those achingly assured novels that makes you happy to be a reader."" —Junot Diaz ""Brief, charming, and quietly furious . . . a resounding success."" —Village Voice A Washington Post and San Francisco Chronicle Best Book of the Year A New York Times Notable Book",2007,Mohsin Hamid,7150,73681,184,Fiction,3.73,[]
357,Teacher Man,"McCourt's long-awaited book about how his thirty-year teaching career shaped his second act as a writer.Nearly a decade ago Frank McCourt became an unlikely star when, at the age of sixty-six, he burst onto the literary scene with Angela's Ashes, the Pulitzer Prize-winning memoir of his childhood in Limerick, Ireland. Then came 'Tis, his glorious account of his early years in New York.Now, here at last, is McCourt's long-awaited book about how his thirty-year teaching career shaped his second act as a writer. Teacher Man is also an urgent tribute to teachers everywhere. In bold and spirited prose featuring his irreverent wit and heartbreaking honesty, McCourt records the trials, triumphs and surprises he faces in public high schools around New York City. His methods anything but conventional, McCourt creates a lasting impact on his students through imaginative assignments (he instructs one class to write ""An Excuse Note from Adam or Eve to God""), singalongs (featuring recipe ingredients as lyrics), and field trips (imagine taking twenty-nine rowdy girls to a movie in Times Square!).McCourt struggles to find his way in the classroom and spends his evenings drinking with writers and dreaming of one day putting his own story to paper. Teacher Man shows McCourt developing his unparalleled ability to tell a great story as, five days a week, five periods per day, he works to gain the attention and respect of unruly, hormonally charged or indifferent adolescents. McCourt's rocky marriage, his failed attempt to get a Ph.D. at Trinity College, Dublin, and his repeated firings due to his propensity to talk back to his superiors ironically lead him to New York's most prestigious school, Stuyvesant High School, where he finally finds a place and a voice. ""Doggedness,"" he says, is ""not as glamorous as ambition or talent or intellect or charm, but still the one thing that got me through the days and nights.""For McCourt, storytelling itself is the source of salvation, and in Teacher Man the journey to redemption -- and literary fame -- is an exhilarating adventure.",2005,Frank McCourt,2505,37470,258,Nonfiction,3.74,[]
358,Wildalone,"In this darkly imaginative debut novel full of myth, magic, romance, and mystery, a Princeton freshman is drawn into a love triangle with two enigmatic brothers, and discovers terrifying secrets about her family and herself—a bewitching blend of Twilight, The Secret History, Jane Eyre, and A Discovery of Witches.Arriving at Princeton for her freshman year, Thea Slavin finds herself alone, a stranger in a strange land. Away from her family and her Eastern European homeland for the first time, she struggles to adapt to unfamiliar American ways and the challenges of college life—including an enigmatic young man whose brooding good looks and murky past intrigue her. Drawn to the elusive Rhys and his equally handsome and mysterious brother, Jake, she ventures into a sensual mythic underworld as irresistible as it is dangerous.In this shadow world that seems to mimic Greek mythology and the Bulgarian legends of the samodivi or “wildalones”—forest witches who beguile and entrap men—Thea will discover a family secret bound to transform her forever . . . if she can accept that dead doesn't always mean gone, and love doesn't always distinguish between the two.",2015,Krassi Zourkova,504,4178,384,Fantasy,3.38,[]
359,Those Who Save Us,"For fifty years, Anna Schlemmer has refused to talk about her life in Germany during World War II. Her daughter, Trudy, was only three when she and her mother were liberated by an American soldier and went to live with him in Minnesota. Trudy's sole evidence of the past is an old photograph: a family portrait showing Anna, Trudy, and a Nazi officer, the Obersturmfuhrer of Buchenwald.Driven by the guilt of her heritage, Trudy, now a professor of German history, begins investigating the past and finally unearths the dramatic and heartbreaking truth of her mother's life.Combining a passionate, doomed love story, a vivid evocation of life during the war, and a poignant mother/daughter drama, Those Who Save Us is a profound exploration of what we endure to survive and the legacy of shame.",2004,Jenna Blum,6947,99515,479,Historical Fiction,4.11,[]
360,Circe,"In the house of Helios, god of the sun and mightiest of the Titans, a daughter is born. But Circe is a strange child--neither powerful like her father nor viciously alluring like her mother. Turning to the world of mortals for companionship, she discovers that she does possess power: the power of witchcraft, which can transform rivals into monsters and menace the gods themselves.Threatened, Zeus banishes her to a deserted island, where she hones her occult craft, tames wild beasts, and crosses paths with many of the most famous figures in all of mythology, including the Minotaur, Daedalus and his doomed son Icarus, the murderous Medea, and, of course, wily Odysseus.But there is danger, too, for a woman who stands alone, and Circe unwittingly draws the wrath of both men and gods, ultimately finding herself pitted against one of the most terrifying and vengeful of the Olympians. To protect what she loves most, Circe must summon all her strength and choose, once and for all, whether she belongs with the gods she is born from or with the mortals she has come to love.",2018,Madeline Miller,83125,839258,393,Fantasy,4.25,[]
361,In the Garden of Beasts,"The time is 1933, the place, Berlin, when William E. Dodd becomes America's first ambassador to Hitler's Germany in a year that proved to be a turning point in history.A mild-mannered professor from Chicago, Dodd brings along his wife, son, and flamboyant daughter, Martha. At first Martha is entranced by the parties and pomp, and the handsome young men of the Third Reich with their infectious enthusiasm for restoring Germany to a position of world prominence. Enamored of the New Germany, she has one affair after another, including with the surprisingly honorable first chief of the Gestapo, Rudolf Diels. But as evidence of Jewish persecution mounts, confirmed by chilling first-person testimony, her father telegraphs his concerns to a largely indifferent State Department back home. Dodd watches with alarm as Jews are attacked, the press is censored, and drafts of frightening new laws begin to circulate. As that first year unfolds and the shadows deepen, the Dodds experience days full of excitement, intrigue, romance and ultimately, horror, when a climactic spasm of violence and murder reveals Hitler's true character and ruthless ambition.Suffused with the tense atmosphere of the period, and with unforgettable portraits of the bizarre Goring and the expectedly charming—yet wholly sinister—Goebbels, In the Garden of Beasts lends a stunning, eyewitness perspective on events as they unfold in real time, revealing an era of surprising nuance and complexity. The result is a dazzling, addictively readable work that speaks volumes about why the world did not recognize the grave threat posed by Hitler until Berlin, and Europe, were awash in blood and terror.",ror.,Erik Larson,15924,191424,,History,3.87,[]
362,The Dive from Clausen's Pier,"A suspenseful, richly layered first novel that asks: How much do we owe the people we love?THE DIVE FROM CLAUSEN'S PIER will speak to all those who have ever thought about leaving when they knew they should stay, anyone who has ever felt trapped, not only by circumstance, but by the strength of their own love, Carrie Bell has lived in Wisconsin all her life. She's had the same best friend, the same good relationship with her mother, the same boyfriend, for as long as anyone can remember. But when her fiance, Mike is paralyzed by a tragic accident, Carrie has to question everything she thought she knew about herself and about the meaning of home. Ann Packer has written a morally complex, deeply satisfying novel about the desire to live fully and the conflict between who we want to be to others and who we must be for ourselves. A magnificent debut from a remarkable new talent.",2002,Ann Packer,1968,24637,432,Fiction,3.44,[]
363,Mistress of the Art of Death,"A chilling, mesmerizing novel that combines the best of modern forensic thrillers with the detail and drama of historical fiction. In medieval Cambridge, England, four children have been murdered. The crimes are immediately blamed on the town's Jewish community, taken as evidence that Jews sacrifice Christian children in blasphemous ceremonies. To save them from the rioting mob, the king places the Cambridge Jews under his protection and hides them in a castle fortress. King Henry II is no friend of the Jews-or anyone, really-but he is invested in their fate. Without the taxes received from Jewish merchants, his treasuries would go bankrupt. Hoping scientific investigation will exonerate the Jews, Henry calls on his cousin the King of Sicily-whose subjects include the best medical experts in Europe-and asks for his finest ""master of the art of death,"" an early version of the medical examiner. The Italian doctor chosen for the task is a young prodigy from the University of Salerno. But her name is Adelia-the king has been sent a ""mistress"" of the art of death. Adelia and her companions-Simon, a Jew, and Mansur, a Moor-travel to England to unravel the mystery of the Cambridge murders, which turn out to be the work of a serial killer, most likely one who has been on Crusade with the king. In a backward and superstitious country like England, Adelia must conceal her true identity as a doctor in order to avoid accusations of witchcraft. Along the way, she is assisted by Sir Rowley Picot, one of the king's tax collectors, a man with a personal stake in the investigation. Rowley may be a needed friend, or the fiend for whom they are searching. As Adelia's investigation takes her into Cambridge's shadowy river paths and behind the closed doors of its churches and nunneries, the hunt intensifies and the killer prepares to strike again . .",2007,Ariana Franklin,3160,39078,384,Historical Fiction,3.93,[]
364,The Scorch Trials,Solving the Maze was supposed to be the end.    Thomas was sure that escape from the Maze would mean freedom for him and the Gladers. But WICKED isn’t done yet. Phase Two has just begun. The Scorch.   There are no rules. There is no help. You either make it or you die.   The Gladers have two weeks to cross through the Scorch—the most burned-out section of the world. And WICKED has made sure to adjust the variables and stack the odds against them.   Friendships will be tested. Loyalties will be broken. All bets are off.    There are others now. Their survival depends on the Gladers’ destruction—and they’re determined to survive.,2010,James Dashner,28935,541708,362,Young Adult,3.90,[]
365,South of Broad,"The one and only Pat Conroy returns, with a big, sprawling novel that is at once a love letter to Charleston and to lifelong friendship.Against the sumptuous backdrop of Charleston, South Carolina, South of Broad gathers a unique cast of sinners and saints. Leopold Bloom King, our narrator, is the son of an amiable, loving father who teaches science at the local high school. His mother, an ex-nun, is the high school principal and a well-known Joyce scholar. After Leo's older brother commits suicide at the age of thirteen, the family struggles with the shattering effects of his death, and Leo, lonely and isolated, searches for something to sustain him. Eventually, he finds his answer when he becomes part of a tightly knit group of high school seniors that includes friends Sheba and Trevor Poe, glamorous twins with an alcoholic mother and a prison-escapee father; hardscrabble mountain runaways Niles and Starla Whitehead; socialite Molly Huger and her boyfriend, Chadworth Rutledge X; and an ever-widening circle whose liaisons will ripple across two decades-from 1960s counterculture through the dawn of the AIDS crisis in the 1980s. The ties among them endure for years, surviving marriages happy and troubled, unrequited loves and unspoken longings, hard-won successes and devastating breakdowns, and Charleston's dark legacy of racism and class divisions. But the final test of friendship that brings them to San Francisco is something no one is prepared for. South of Broad is Pat Conroy at his finest; a long-awaited work from a great American writer whose passion for life and language knows no bounds.",2009,Pat Conroy,5791,46034,514,Fiction,3.83,[]
366,Unwind,"Connor, Risa, and Lev are running for their lives.The Second Civil War was fought over reproductive rights. The chilling resolution: Life is inviolable from the moment of conception until age thirteen. Between the ages of thirteen and eighteen, however, parents can have their child ""unwound,"" whereby all of the child's organs are transplanted into different donors, so life doesn't technically end. Connor is too difficult for his parents to control. Risa, a ward of the state, is not enough to be kept alive. And Lev is a tithe, a child conceived and raised to be unwound. Together, they may have a chance to escape and to survive.",2007,Neal Shusterman,20946,216830,337,Young Adult,4.17,[]
367,The Invention of Wings,"Writing at the height of her narrative and imaginative gifts, Sue Monk Kidd presents a masterpiece of hope, daring, the quest for freedom, and the desire to have a voice in the world—and it is now the newest Oprah’s Book Club 2.0 selection.Hetty “Handful” Grimke, an urban slave in early nineteenth century Charleston, yearns for life beyond the suffocating walls that enclose her within the wealthy Grimke household. The Grimke’s daughter, Sarah, has known from an early age she is meant to do something large in the world, but she is hemmed in by the limits imposed on women.Kidd’s sweeping novel is set in motion on Sarah’s eleventh birthday, when she is given ownership of ten year old Handful, who is to be her handmaid. We follow their remarkable journeys over the next thirty five years, as both strive for a life of their own, dramatically shaping each other’s destinies and forming a complex relationship marked by guilt, defiance, estrangement and the uneasy ways of love.As the stories build to a riveting climax, Handful will endure loss and sorrow, finding courage and a sense of self in the process. Sarah will experience crushed hopes, betrayal, unrequited love, and ostracism before leaving Charleston to find her place alongside her fearless younger sister, Angelina, as one of the early pioneers in the abolition and women’s rights movements.Inspired by the historical figure of Sarah Grimke, Kidd goes beyond the record to flesh out the rich interior lives of all of her characters, both real and invented, including Handful’s cunning mother, Charlotte, who courts danger in her search for something better.This exquisitely written novel is a triumph of storytelling that looks with unswerving eyes at a devastating wound in American history, through women whose struggles for liberation, empowerment, and expression will leave no reader unmoved.",2014,Sue Monk Kidd,25323,301913,384,Historical Fiction,4.25,[]
368,The World Is Flat,"When scholars write the history of the world twenty years from now, and they come to the chapter Y2K to March 2004 , what will they say was the most crucial development? The attacks on the World Trade Center on 9/11 and the Iraq war? Or the convergence of technology and events that allowed India, China, and so many other countries to become part of the global supply chain for services and manufacturing, creating an explosion of wealth in the middle classes of the world's two biggest nations, giving them a huge new stake in the success of globalisation? And with this flattening' of the globe, which requires us to run faster in order to stay in one place, has the world got too small and too fast for human beings and their political systems to adjust in a stable manner?In this brilliant new book, the award-winning New York Times columnist Thomas Friedman demystifies the brave new world for readers, allowing them to make sense of the often bewildering global scene unfolding before their eyes. With his inimitable ability to translate complex foreign policy and economic issues, Friedman explains how the flattening of the world happened at the dawn of the 21st century; what it means to countries, companies, communities and individuals; and how governments and societies can, and must, adapt.",2005,Thomas L. Friedman,3637,101347,593,Nonfiction,3.69,[]
369,Wool Omnibus,"This Omnibus Edition collects the five Wool books into a single volume. The first Wool story was released as a standalone short in July of 2011. Due to reviewer demand, the rest of the story was released over the next six months. This is the story of mankind clawing for survival, of mankind on the edge. The world outside has grown unkind, the view of it limited, talk of it forbidden. But there are always those who hope, who dream. These are the dangerous people, the residents who infect others with their optimism. Their punishment is simple. They are given the very thing they profess to want: They are allowed outside.Alternate cover for B0071XO8RA",2012,Hugh Howey,14550,176432,509,Science Fiction,4.21,[]
370,I Am the Messenger,"protect the diamondssurvive the clubsdig deep through the spadesfeel the heartsEd Kennedy is an underage cabdriver without much of a future. He's pathetic at playing cards, hopelessly in love with his best friend, Audrey, and utterly devoted to his coffee-drinking dog, the Doorman. His life is one of peaceful routine and incompetence until he inadvertently stops a bank robbery.That's when the first ace arrives in the mail.That's when Ed becomes the messenger.Chosen to care, he makes his way through town helping and hurting (when necessary) until only one question remains: Who's behind Ed's mission?",2002,Markus Zusak,15436,154068,357,Young Adult,4.04,[]
371,The Lies of Locke Lamora,"In this stunning debut, author Scott Lynch delivers the wonderfully thrilling tale of an audacious criminal and his band of confidence tricksters. Set in a fantastic city pulsing with the lives of decadent nobles and daring thieves, here is a story of adventure, loyalty, and survival that is one part ""Robin Hood"", one part Ocean's Eleven, and entirely enthralling... An orphan's life is harsh — and often short — in the island city of Camorr, built on the ruins of a mysterious alien race. But born with a quick wit and a gift for thieving, Locke Lamora has dodged both death and slavery, only to fall into the hands of an eyeless priest known as Chains — a man who is neither blind nor a priest.A con artist of extraordinary talent, Chains passes his skills on to his carefully selected ""family"" of orphans — a group known as the Gentlemen Bastards. Under his tutelage, Locke grows to lead the Bastards, delightedly pulling off one outrageous confidence game after another. Soon he is infamous as the Thorn of Camorr, and no wealthy noble is safe from his sting.Passing themselves off as petty thieves, the brilliant Locke and his tightly knit band of light-fingered brothers have fooled even the criminal underworld's most feared ruler, Capa Barsavi. But there is someone in the shadows more powerful — and more ambitious — than Locke has yet imagined. Known as the Gray King, he is slowly killing Capa Barsavi's most trusted men — and using Locke as a pawn in his plot to take control of Camorr's underworld. With a bloody coup under way threatening to destroy everyone and everything that holds meaning in his mercenary life, Locke vows to beat the Gray King at his own brutal game — or die trying...",2006,Scott Lynch,18647,271775,499,Fantasy,4.30,[]
372,The Reckoning,"Chloe Saunders is fifteen and would love to be normal. Unfortunately, Chloe happens to be a genetically engineered necromancer who can raise the dead without even trying. She and her equally gifted (or should that be 'cursed'?) friends are now running for their lives from the evil corporation that created them.As if that's not enough, Chloe is struggling with her feelings for Simon, a sweet-tempered sorcerer, and his brother Derek, a not so sweet-tempered werewolf. And she has a horrible feeling she's leaning towards the werewolf...Definitely not normal.",2010,Kelley Armstrong,3748,115015,391,Young Adult,4.18,[]
373,Marked,"Also see: Alternate Cover Editions for this ISBN [ACE]  
ACE #1
After a Vampire Tracker Marks her with a crescent moon on her forehead, 16-year-old Zoey Redbird enters the House of Night and learns that she is no average fledgling. She has been Marked as special by the vampyre Goddess Nyx and has affinities for all five elements: Air, Fire, Water, Earth and Spirit. But she is not the only fledgling at the House of Night with special powers. When she discovers that the leader of the Dark Daughters, the school’s most elite club, is misusing her Goddess-given gifts, Zoey must look deep within herself for the courage to embrace her destiny—with a little help from her new vampyre friends (or Nerd Herd, as Aphrodite calls them).",2007,P.C. Cast,15522,475311,306,Young Adult,3.81,[]
374,My Brilliant Friend,"A modern masterpiece from one of Italy's most acclaimed authors, My Brilliant Friend is a rich, intense and generous hearted story about two friends, Elena and Lila. Ferrante's inimitable style lends itself perfectly to a meticulous portrait of these two women that is also the story of a nation and a touching meditation on the nature of friendship. Through the lives of these two women, Ferrante tells the story of a neighbourhood, a city and a country as it is transformed in ways that, in turn, also transform the relationship between her two protagonists.",2011,Elena Ferrante,25547,288908,331,Fiction,4.02,[]
375,Three Junes,"A luminous first novel, set in Greece, Scotland, Greenwich Village, and Long Island, that traces the members of a Scottish family as they confront the joys and longings, fulfillments and betrayals of love in all its guises.In June of 1989 Paul McLeod, a newspaper publisher and recent widower, travels to Greece, where he falls for a young American artist and reflects on the complicated truth about his marriage. Six years later, again in June, Paul's death draws his three grown sons and their families back to their ancestral home. Fenno, the eldest, a wry, introspective gay man, narrates the events of this unforeseen reunion. Far from his straitlaced expatriate life as a bookseller in Greenwich Village, Fenno is stunned by a series of revelations that threaten his carefully crafted defenses. Four years farther on, in yet another June, a chance meeting on the Long Island shore brings Fenno together with Fern Olitsky, the artist who once captivated his father. Now pregnant, Fern must weigh her guilt about the past against her wishes for the future and decide what family means to her. In prose rich with compassion and wit, Three Junes paints a haunting portrait of love's redemptive powers.",2002,Julia Glass,2769,44028,353,Fiction,3.57,[]
376,Steve Jobs,"Walter Isaacson's worldwide bestselling biography of Apple cofounder Steve Jobs. Based on more than forty interviews with Steve Jobs conducted over two years--as well as interviews with more than 100 family members, friends, adversaries, competitors, and colleagues--Walter Isaacson has written a riveting story of the roller-coaster life and searingly intense personality of a creative entrepreneur whose passion for perfection and ferocious drive revolutionized six industries: personal computers, animated movies, music, phones, tablet computing, and digital publishing. Isaacson's portrait touched millions of readers. At a time when America is seeking ways to sustain its innovative edge, Jobs stands as the ultimate icon of inventiveness and applied imagination. He knew that the best way to create value in the twenty-first century was to connect creativity with technology. He built a company where leaps of the imagination were combined with remarkable feats of engineering. Although Jobs cooperated with the author, he asked for no control over what was written. He put nothing off-limits. He encouraged the people he knew to speak honestly. He himself spoke candidly about the people he worked with and competed against. His friends, foes, and colleagues offer an unvarnished view of the passions, perfectionism, obsessions, artistry, devilry, and compulsion for control that shaped his approach to business and the innovative products that resulted. His tale is instructive and cautionary, filled with lessons about innovation, character, leadership, and values. Steve Jobs is the inspiration for the movie of the same name starring Michael Fassbender, Kate Winslet, Seth Rogen, and Jeff Daniels, directed by Danny Boyle with a screenplay by Aaron Sorkin.",2011,Walter Isaacson,20696,1177617,630,Biography,4.16,[]
377,The Dark Tower,"The seventh and final installment of Stephen King's The Dark Tower saga is perhaps the most anticipated book in the author's long career. King began this epic tale about the last gunslinger in the world more than 20 years ago; now he draws its suspenseful story to a close, snapping together the last pieces of his action puzzle and drawing Roland Deschain ever closer to his ultimate goal.Alternate cover edition for ISBN-10: 1416524525; ISBN-13: 9781416524526",2004,Stephen King,6942,163627,1050,Fantasy,4.27,[]
378,Bridge of Sighs,"Bridge of Sighs courses with small-town rhythms and the claims of family. Here is a town, as well as a world, defined by magnificent and nearly devastating contradictions.Louis Charles (“Lucy”) Lynch has spent all his sixty years in upstate Thomaston, New York, married to the same woman, Sarah, for forty of them, their son now a grown man. Like his late, beloved father, Lucy is an optimist, though he’s had plenty of reasons not to be—chief among them his mother, still indomitably alive. Yet it was her shrewdness, combined with that Lynch optimism, that had propelled them years ago to the right side of the tracks and created an “empire” of convenience stores about to be passed on to the next generation. Lucy and Sarah are also preparing for a once-in-a-lifetime trip to Italy, where his oldest friend, a renowned painter, has exiled himself far from anything they’d known in childhood. In fact, the exact nature of their friendship is one of the many mysteries Lucy hopes to untangle in the “history” he’s writing of his hometown and family. And with his story interspersed with that of Noonan, the native son who’d fled so long ago, the destinies building up around both of them (and Sarah, too) are relentless, constantly surprising, and utterly revealing. Bridge of Sighs is classic Russo, coursing with small-town rhythms and the claims of family, yet it is brilliantly enlarged by an expatriate whose motivations and experiences—often contrary, sometimes not—prove every bit as mesmerizing as they resonate through these richly different lives. Here is a town, as well as a world, defined by magnificent and nearly devastating contradictions.",2007,Richard Russo,2751,23995,528,Fiction,3.79,[]
379,Crescendo,"Nora Grey's life is still far from perfect. Surviving an attempt on her life wasn't pleasant, but at least she got a guardian angel out of it. A mysterious, magnetic, gorgeous guardian angel. But despite his role in her life, Patch has been acting anything but angelic. He's more elusive than ever (if that's possible) and what's worse, he seems to be spending time with Nora's archenemy, Marcie Millar.Nora would have hardly noticed Scott Parnell, an old family friend who has moved back to town, if Patch hadn't been acting so distant. Even with Scott's totally infuriating attitude, Nora finds herself drawn to him - despite her lingering feelings that he is hiding something.If that weren't enough, Nora is haunted by images of her murdered father, and comes to question whether her Nephilim bloodline has anything to do with his death. Desperate to figure out what happened, she puts herself in increasingly dangerous situations to get the answer. But maybe some things are better left buried, because the truth could destroy everything - and everyone - she trusts.",2010,FitzPatrick,12304,311711,427,Young Adult,3.99,[]
380,Artemis Fowl,"Twelve-year-old Artemis Fowl is a millionaire, a genius, and above all, a criminal mastermind. But even Artemis doesn't know what he's taken on when he kidnaps a fairy, Captain Holly Short of the LEPrecon Unit. These aren't the fairies of bedtime stories—they're dangerous! Full of unexpected twists and turns, Artemis Fowl is a riveting, magical adventure.",2001,Eoin Colfer,13199,535114,396,Fantasy,3.86,[]
381,Darkfever,"""My name is MacKayla, Mac for short. I'm a sidhe-seer, one who sees the Fae, a fact I accepted only recently and very reluctantly.My philosophy is pretty simple - any day nobody's trying to kill me is a good day in my book. I haven't had many good days lately. Not since the walls between Man and Fae came down. But then, there's not a sidhe-seer alive who's had a good day since then.""When MacKayla's sister was murdered, she left a single clue to her death, a cryptic message on Mac's cell phone. Journeying to Ireland in search of answers, Mac is soon faced with an even greater challenge: staying alive long enough to master a power she had no idea she possessed - a gift that allows her to see beyond the world of man, into the dangerous realm of the Fae.As Mac delves deeper into the mystery of her sister's death, her every move is shadowed by the dark, mysterious Jericho...while at the same time, the ruthless V'lane - an alpha Fae who makes sex an addiction for human women - closes in on her. As the boundary between worlds begins to crumble, Mac's true mission becomes clear: to find the elusive Sinsar Dubh before someone else claims the all-powerful Dark Book - because whoever gets to it first holds nothing less than complete control both worlds in their hands.",2006,Karen Marie Moning,11658,174870,309,Fantasy,4.06,[]
382,The Tender Bar,"In the grand tradition of landmark memoirs - a classic American story of self-invention and escape, of the fierce love between a single mother and an only son, it's also a moving portrait of one boy's struggle to become a man, and an unforgettable depiction of how men remain, at heart, lost boys.J.R. Moehringer grew up captivated by a voice. It was the voice of his father, a New York City disc jockey who vanished before J.R. spoke his first word. Sitting on the stoop, pressing an ear to the radio, J.R. would strain to hear in that plummy baritone the secrets of masculinity and identity. Though J.R.'s mother was his world, his rock, he craved something more, something faintly and hauntingly audible only in The Voice. At eight years old, suddenly unable to find The Voice on the radio, J.R. turned in desperation to the bar on the corner, where he found a rousing chorus of new voices. Cops and poets, bookies and soldiers, movie stars and stumblebums, all sorts of men gathered in the bar to tell their stories and forget their cares. The alphas along the bar—including J.R.'s Uncle Charlie, a Humphrey Bogart look-alike; Colt, a Yogi Bear sound-alike; and Joey D, a softhearted brawler—took J.R. to the beach, to ballgames, and ultimately into their circle. They taught J.R., tended him, and provided a kind of fatherhood-by-committee. Torn between the stirring example of his mother and the lurid romance of the bar, J.R. tried to forge a self somewhere in the center. But when it was time for J.R. to leave home, the bar became an increasingly seductive sanctuary, a place to return and regroup during his picaresque journeys—from his grandfather's tumbledown house to the hallowed towers and spires of Yale; from his absurd stint selling housewares at Lord & Taylor to his dream job at the New York Times, which became a nightmare when he found himself a faulty cog in a vast machine. Time and again the bar offered shelter from failure, rejection, heartbreak--and eventually from reality. In the grand tradition of landmark memoirs, The Tender Bar is suspenseful, wrenching, and achingly funny. A classic American story of self-invention and escape, of the fierce love between a single mother and an only son, it's also a moving portrait of one boy's struggle to become a man, and an unforgettable depiction of how men remain, at heart, lost boys.",2005,J.R. Moehringer,3424,40567,416,Memoir,3.97,[]
383,Dry,"You may not know it, but you've met Augusten Burroughs. You've seen him on the street, in bars, on the subway, at restaurants: a twenty-something guy, nice suit, works in advertising. Regular. Ordinary. But when the ordinary person had two drinks, Augusten was circling the drain by having twelve; when the ordinary person went home at midnight, Augusten never went home at all. Loud, distracting ties, automated wake-up calls, and cologne on the tongue could only hide so much for so long. At the request (well, it wasn't really a request) of his employers, Augusten landed in rehab, where his dreams of group therapy with Robert Downey, Jr., are immediately dashed by the grim reality of fluorescent lighting and paper hospital slippers. But when Augusten is forced to examine himself, something actually starts to click, and that's when he finds himself in the worst trouble of all. Because when his thirty days are up, he has to return to his same drunken Manhattan life and live it sober. What follows is a memoir that's as moving as it is funny, as heartbreaking as it is real.",2003,Augusten Burroughs,3677,93368,293,Memoir,4.02,[]
384,The Throne of Fire,"Ever since the gods of Ancient Egypt were unleashed in the modern world, Carter Kane and his sister Sadie have been in trouble. As descendants of the House of Life, the Kanes have some powers at their command, but the devious gods haven't given them much time to master their skills at Brooklyn House, which has become a training ground for young magicians. And now their most threatening enemy yet - the chaos snake Apophis - is rising. If they don't prevent him from breaking free in a few days' time, the world will come to an end. In other words, it's a typical week for the Kane family. To have any chance of battling the Forces of Chaos, the Kanes must revive the sun god Ra. But that would be a feat more powerful than any magician has ever accomplished. First they have to search the world for the three sections of the Book of Ra, then they have to learn how to chant its spells. Oh, and did we mention that no one knows where Ra is exactly? Narrated in two different wisecracking voices, featuring a large cast of new and unforgettable characters, and with adventures spanning the globe, this second installment in the Kane Chronicles is nothing short of a thrill ride.",2011,Rick Riordan,7038,195272,452,Fantasy,4.19,[]
385,The Line of Beauty,"In the summer of 1983, twenty-year-old Nick Guest moves into an attic room in the Notting Hill home of the Feddens: conservative Member of Parliament Gerald, his wealthy wife Rachel, and their two children, Toby-whom Nick had idolized at Oxford-and Catherine, highly critical of her family's assumptions and ambitions. As the boom years of the eighties unfold, Nick, an innocent in the world of politics and money, finds his life altered by the rising fortunes of this glamorous family. His two vividly contrasting love affairs, one with a young black clerk and one with a Lebanese millionaire, dramatize the dangers and rewards of his own private pursuit of beauty, a pursuit as compelling to Nick as the desire for power and riches among his friends.Richly textured, emotionally charged, disarmingly comic, this U.K. bestseller is a major work by one of our finest writers.",2004,Alan Hollinghurst,1695,26867,438,Fiction,3.74,[]
386,Winter's Bone,"The sheriff's deputy at the front door brings hard news to Ree Dolly. Her father has skipped bail on charges that he ran a crystal meth lab, and the Dollys will lose their house if he doesn't show up for his next court date.Ree's father has disappeared before. The Dolly clan has worked the shadowy side of the law for generations, and arrests (and attempts to avoid them) are part of life in Rathlin Valley. But the house is all they have, and Ree's father would never forfeit it to the bond company unless something awful happened. With two young brothers depending on her and a mother who's entered a kind of second childhood, Ree knows she has to bring her father back, dead or alive, or else see her family turned out into the unforgiving cold.Sixteen-year-old Ree, who has grown up in the harsh poverty of the Ozarks, learns quickly that asking questions of the rough Dolly clan can be a fatal mistake. She perseveres past obstacles of every kind and finally confronts the top figures in the family's hierarchy.Along the way to a shocking revelation, Ree discovers unexpected depths in herself and in a family network that protects its own at any cost.",2006,Daniel Woodrell,4038,35022,193,Fiction,3.87,[]
387,Bloodlines,"I wasn't free of my past, not yet.Sydney's blood is special. That's because she's an alchemist - one of a group of humans who dabble in magic and serve to bridge the worlds of humans and vampires. They protect vampire secrets - and human lives. But the last encounter Sydney had with vampires got her in deep trouble with the other alchemists. And now with her allegiances in question, her future is on the line.When Sydney is torn from her bed in the middle of the night, at first she thinks she's still being punished for her complicated alliance with dhampir Rose Hathaway. But what unfolds is far worse. Jill Dragomir - the sister of Moroi Queen Lissa Dragomir - is in mortal danger, and the Moroi must send her into hiding. To avoid a civil war, Sydney is called upon to act as Jill's guardian and protector, posing as her roommate in the unlikeliest of places: a human boarding school in Palm Springs, California. The last thing Sydney wants is to be accused of sympathizing with vampires. And now she has to live with one.The Moroi court believe Jill and Sydney will be safe at Amberwood Prep, but threats, distractions, and forbidden romance lurk both outside - and within - the school grounds. Now that they're in hiding, the drama is only just beginning.",2011,Richelle Mead,8772,181577,432,Young Adult,4.20,[]
388,The Oldest Dance,"As one of the war heroes searches the oldest language in the ancient art of dance, he might discover the Intuitionist's power of finding answers to any questions.Missing memories might pile up if you encounter the Mesmerizer who stopped World War III with a four-minute speech, especially if he asks you to forget. Even if it’s the one and only purpose you have, you will forget it. For he has the voice. Kusha forgot what she found on the night of the High Auction.But the laws of the universe are painfully fair sometimes. Purpose always calls you, either through your dreams, or daydreams, even in nightmares … perhaps, through intuition? So the Intuitionist, Kusha, runs through the questions the universe throws at her. Each question leads her to her purpose. Her life as an unevolved, Ungraded citizen seems rich compared to those of her friends outside the walls who aren't even citizens. She wants to help her friends, but her questions, her past, her missing memories lead her to myths she never should tangle with. Most importantly, she never should encounter the war heroes who seek the Source among the devil’s scriptures and an old form of dance. Not when the dance calls her in dreams after what happened on the night of the auction.Welcome to Episode 2 of Wisdom Revolution.",2021,Misba,885,4624,,Fantasy,4.48,[]
389,Wicked Lovely,"Rule #3: Don't stare at invisible faeries.Aislinn has always seen faeries. Powerful and dangerous, they walk hidden in the mortal world. Aislinn fears their cruelty - especially if they learn of her Sight - and wishes she were as blind to their presence as other teens.Rule #2: Don't speak to invisible faeries.Now faeries are stalking her. One of them, Keenan, who is equal parts terrifying and alluring, is trying to talk to her, asking questions Aislinn is afraid to answer.Rule #1: Don't ever attract their attention.But it's too late. Keenan is the Summer King, who has sought his queen for nine centuries. Without her, summer itself will perish. He is determined that Aislinn will become the Summer Queen at any cost — regardless of her plans or desires.Suddenly none of the rules that have kept Aislinn safe are working anymore, and everything is on the line: her freedom; her best friend, Seth; her life; everything.Faery intrigue, mortal love, and the clash of ancient rules and modern expectations swirl together in Melissa Marr's stunning twenty-first-century faery tale.",2007,Melissa Marr,7363,161385,328,Fantasy,3.69,[]
390,Quidditch Through the Ages,"The most checked-out book in the Hogwarts Library, and a volume no Quidditch player or Harry Potter fan should be without!If you have ever asked yourself where the Golden Snitch came from, how the Bludgers came into existence, or why the Wigtown Wanderers have pictures of meat cleavers on their robes, you need QUIDDITCH THROUGH THE AGES. This invaluable volume is consulted by young Quidditch fans on an almost daily basis.Proceeds from the sale of this book will go to Comic Relief, who will use your money to continue improving and changing lives -- work that is even more important and astonishing than the three-and-a-half-second capture of the Golden Snitch by Roderick Plumpton in 1921.",2001,Kennilworthy Whisp,6552,171320,105,Fantasy,3.82,[]
391,Definitely Dead,"Since Louisiana cocktail waitress Sookie Stackhouse has so few living relatives, she hates to lose one - even her cousin Hadley, undead consort of the vampire Queen of Louisiana. Hadley's left everything she has to Sookie, but claiming that inheritance has a high risk factor. Some people don't want her looking too deeply into Hadley's past, or Hadley's possessions. And they're prepared to do anything in their power to stop her. Whoever it is, they're definitely dangerous - and Sookie's life is definitely on the line...",2006,Charlaine Harris,4246,199298,324,Fantasy,4.01,[]
392,Just Listen,"Last year, Annabel was ""the girl who has everything"" — at least that's the part she played in the television commercial for Kopf's Department Store.This year, she's the girl who has nothing: no best friend because mean-but-exciting Sophie dropped her, no peace at home since her older sister became anorexic, and no one to sit with at lunch. Until she meets Owen Armstrong.Tall, dark, and music-obsessed, Owen is a reformed bad boy with a commitment to truth-telling. With Owen's help, maybe Annabel can face what happened the night she and Sophie stopped being friends.",2006,Sarah Dessen,8664,244042,371,Young Adult,4.05,[]
393,Torment,"Hell on earth.That’s what it’s like for Luce to be apart from her fallen angel boyfriend, Daniel. It took them an eternity to find one another, but now he has told her he must go away. Just long enough to hunt down the Outcasts—immortals who want to kill Luce. Daniel hides Luce at Shoreline, a school on the rocky California coast with unusually gifted students: Nephilim, the offspring of fallen angels and humans.At Shoreline, Luce learns what the Shadows are, and how she can use them as windows to her previous lives. Yet the more Luce learns, the more she suspects that Daniel hasn’t told her everything. He’s hiding something—something dangerous. What if Daniel’s version of the past isn’t actually true? What if Luce is really meant to be with someone else?",2010,Lauren Kate,8385,228334,452,Young Adult,3.85,[]
394,The Cellist of Sarajevo,"This brilliant novel with universal resonance, set during the 1990s Siege of Sarajevo, tells the story of three people trying to survive in a city rife with the extreme fear of desperate times, and of the sorrowing cellist who plays undaunted in their midst.One day a shell lands in a bread line and kills twenty-two people as the cellist watches from a window in his flat. He vows to sit in the hollow where the mortar fell and play Albinoni’s Adagio once a day for each of the twenty-two victims. The Adagio had been re-created from a fragment after the only extant score was firebombed in the Dresden Music Library, but the fact that it had been rebuilt by a different composer into something new and worthwhile gives the cellist hope. Meanwhile, Kenan steels himself for his weekly walk through the dangerous streets to collect water for his family on the other side of town, and Dragan, a man Kenan doesn’t know, tries to make his way towards the source of the free meal he knows is waiting. Both men are almost paralyzed with fear, uncertain when the next shot will land on the bridges or streets they must cross, unwilling to talk to their old friends of what life was once like before divisions were unleashed on their city. Then there is “Arrow,” the pseudonymous name of a gifted female sniper, who is asked to protect the cellist from a hidden shooter who is out to kill him as he plays his memorial to the victims. In this beautiful and unforgettable novel, Steven Galloway has taken an extraordinary, imaginative leap to create a story that speaks powerfully to the dignity and generosity of the human spirit under extraordinary duress.",2008,Steven Galloway,4319,38761,235,Historical Fiction,4.00,[]
395,The High Auction,"In the near future, a machinist, a monk, and a mesmerizer are looking for the Source of the universe, but among the ancient scriptures, they only find the devil …Few humans in the future find the secrets of what words and sounds can do, for the Apocalypse and war led them to evolve in mind and physique. Two of them end World War III with just a speech. Some say they did a mass-hypnosis. Others say it was their voice and will. Fifty years later in South-Asia, KUSHA, a twenty-three-year-old machine-geek with social awkwardness and amnesia, tries to get the Devil’s Book with secrets of voice. In a society that worships the evolved High-Grades with voice, how you speak and which words you talk with is important. As someone who finds all solutions in books, Kusha thinks the secrets in the three-foot-long, ancient book will teach her to speak mesmerizingly. She believes it will help her evolve. So, she decides to attend the auction where the book will be sold. But there's a problem. Her idol of voice and everyone's beloved war heroes, YUAN and RUEM, are also after it for power.",2021,Misba,896,4712,180,Fantasy,4.49,[]
396,Betrayed,"Also see: Alternate Cover Editions for this ISBN [ACE]  
ACE #1
Zoey, High Priestess in training, has managed to settle in at the House of Night and come to terms with the vast powers the Vampyre Goddess Nyx has given her. Just as she finally feels she belongs, the unthinkable happens: human teenagers are being killed, and all evidence points to the House of Night. While danger stalks the humans from Zoey’s old life, she begins to realize that the very powers that make her so unique might also threaten those she loves.",2007,P.C. Cast,5953,259090,310,Young Adult,3.92,[]
397,Tiger's Voyage,"With the head-to-head battle against the villainous Lokesh behind her, Kelsey confronts a new heartbreak: in the wake of his traumatic experience, her beloved Ren no longer remembers who she is. As the trio continues their quest by challenging five cunning and duplicitous dragons, Ren and Kishan once more vie for her affections--leaving Kelsey more confused than ever.",2011,Colleen Houck,2330,35767,560,Fantasy,4.27,[]
398,Why She Left Us,"It was the summer of 1985, and she was young and inexperienced, but longing to love and to be loved in return, when he entered her life.At the same time, while she was desperately seeking the love and approval of a mother who never wanted her in the first place, events totally beyond her control claimed her as their victim, leaving those she left behind unable to cope with the enormity of her absence. ""WHY SHE LEFT US” is written as a series of diary entries, the events seen through the eyes of several different people. But at its center is a love story chronicling a romance that transforms the lives of two people who, for too brief a period of time, experienced the greatest happiness they had ever known.",2012,David Dennis,40,2285,432,Suspense,3.51,[]
399,"Fables, Vol. 1","When a savage creature known only as the Adversary conquered the fabled lands of legends and fairy tales, all of the infamous inhabitants of folklore were forced into exile. Disguised among the normal citizens of modern-day New York, these magical characters have created their own peaceful and secret society within an exclusive luxury apartment building called Fabletown. But when Snow White's party-girl sister, Rose Red, is apparently murdered, it is up to Fabletown's sheriff, a reformed and pardoned Big Bad Wolf (Bigby Wolf), to determine if the killer is Bluebeard, Rose's ex-lover and notorious wife killer, or Jack, her current live-in boyfriend and former beanstalk-climber.Collecting: Fables 1-5",2002,Bill Willingham,3720,137930,128,Graphic Novels,3.98,[]
400,The Windup Girl,"Anderson Lake is a company man, AgriGen's Calorie Man in Thailand. Under cover as a factory manager, Anderson combs Bangkok's street markets in search of foodstuffs thought to be extinct, hoping to reap the bounty of history's lost calories. There, he encounters Emiko... Emiko is the Windup Girl, a strange and beautiful creature. One of the New People, Emiko is not human; instead, she is an engineered being, creche-grown and programmed to satisfy the decadent whims of a Kyoto businessman, but now abandoned to the streets of Bangkok. Regarded as soulless beings by some, devils by others, New People are slaves, soldiers, and toys of the rich in a chilling near future in which calorie companies rule the world, the oil age has passed, and the side effects of bio-engineered plagues run rampant across the globe. What Happens when calories become currency? What happens when bio-terrorism becomes a tool for corporate profits, when said bio-terrorism's genetic drift forces mankind to the cusp of post-human evolution? Award-winning author Paolo Bacigalupi delivers one of the most highly acclaimed science fiction novels of the twenty-first century.",2009,Paolo Bacigalupi,6876,72717,359,Science Fiction,3.75,[]
401,Mountains Beyond Mountains,"At the center of Mountains Beyond Mountains stands Paul Farmer. Doctor, Harvard professor, renowned infectious-disease specialist, anthropologist, the recipient of a MacArthur ""genius"" grant, world-class Robin Hood, Farmer was brought up in a bus and on a boat, and in medical school found his life’s calling: to diagnose and cure infectious diseases and to bring the lifesaving tools of modern medicine to those who need them most.Mountains Beyond Mountains takes us from Harvard to Haiti, Peru, Cuba, and Russia as Farmer changes minds and practices through his dedication to the philosophy that ""the only real nation is humanity""—a philosophy that is embodied in the small public charity he founded, Partners in Health. He enlists the help of the Gates Foundation, George Soros, the U.N.’s World Health Organization, and others in his quest to cure the world. At the heart of this book is the example of a life based on hope, and on an understanding of the truth of the Haitian proverb ""Beyond mountains there are mountains"": as you solve one problem, another problem presents itself, and so you go on and try to solve that one too.",2003,Tracy Kidder,5337,81932,333,Nonfiction,4.19,[]
402,Dead as a Doornail,"Small-town cocktail waitress Sookie Stackhouse has had more than her share of experience with the supernatural—but now it’s really hitting close to home. When Sookie sees her brother Jason’s eyes start to change, she knows he’s about to turn into a were-panther for the first time—a transformation he embraces more readily than most shapeshifters she knows. But her concern becomes cold fear when a sniper sets his deadly sights on the local changeling population, and Jason’s new panther brethren suspect he may be the shooter. Now, Sookie has until the next full moon to find out who’s behind the attacks—unless the killer decides to find her first…",2005,Charlaine Harris,4306,212678,295,Fantasy,4.00,[]
403,Dead and Gone,"The vamps have been out for years, and now the weres and shifters have decided to follow the lead of the undead and reveal their existence to the ordinary world. Sookie Stackhouse already knows about them, of course - her brother turns into a panther at the full moon, she's friend to the local were pack, and Sam, her boss at Merlotte's bar, is a shapeshifter.The great revelation goes well at first - then the horribly mutilated body of a were-panther is found in the parking lot of Merlotte's, and Sookie agrees to use her telepathic talent to track down the murderer. But there is a far greater danger than this killer threatening Bon Temps: a race of unhuman beings, older, more powerful, and far more secretive than the vampires or the werewolves, is preparing for war. And Sookie is an all-too-human pawn in their ages-old battle...",2009,Charlaine Harris,4703,184273,320,Fantasy,4.01,[]
404,Drop City,"It is 1970, and a down-at-the-heels California commune devoted to peace, free love, and the simple life has decided to relocate to the last frontier—the unforgiving landscape of interior Alaska—in the ultimate expression of going back to the land. Armed with the spirit of adventure and naïve optimism, the inhabitants of “Drop City” arrive in the wilderness of Alaska only to find their utopia already populated by other young homesteaders. When the two communities collide, unexpected friendships and dangerous enmities are born as everyone struggles with the bare essentials of life: love, nourishment, and a roof over one’s head. Rich, allusive, and unsentimental, T.C. Boyle’s ninth novel is a tour de force infused with the lyricism and take-no-prisoners storytelling for which he is justly famous.",2003,T. Coraghessan Boyle,1072,14466,497,Fiction,3.82,[]
405,The House of Hades,"Hazel stands at a crossroads. She and the remaining crew of the Argo II could return home with the Athena Parthenos statue and try to stop Camp Half-Blood and Camp Jupiter from going to war. Or they could continue their quest to find the House of Hades, where they might be able to open the Doors of Death, rescue their friends Percy and Annabeth from Tartarus, and prevent monsters from being reincarnated in the mortal world. Whichever road they decide to take, they have to hurry, because time is running out. Gaea, the bloodthirsty Earth Mother, has set the date of August 1 for her rise to power.Annabeth and Percy are overwhelmed. How will the two of them make it through Tartarus? Starving, thirsty, and in pain, they are barely able to stumble on in the dark and poisonous landscape that holds new horrors at every turn. They have no way of locating the Doors of Death. Even if they did, a legion of Gaea's strongest monsters guards the Doors on the Tartarus side. Annabeth and Percy can't exactly launch a frontal assault.Despite the terrible odds, Hazel, Annabeth, Percy, and the other demigods of the prophecy know that there is only one choice: to attempt the impossible. Not just for themselves, but for everyone they love. Even though love can be the riskiest choice of all.Join the demigods as they face their biggest challenges yet in The House of Hades, the hair-raising penultimate book in the best-selling Heroes of Olympus series.",2013,Rick Riordan,19209,362647,597,Fantasy,4.56,[]
406,Death with Interruptions,"Nobel Prize-winner Jose Saramago's brilliant new novel poses the question what happens when the grim reaper decides there will be no more death?On the first day of the new year, no one dies. This, of course, causes consternation among politicians, religious leaders, morticians, and doctors. Among the general public, on the other hand, there is initially mass celebration. Flags are hung out on balconies; people dance in the streets. They have achieved the great goal of humanity: eternal life. Then reality hits home—families are left to care for the permanently dying; life-insurance policies become meaningless; and funeral parlors are reduced to arranging burials for pet dogs, cats, hamsters, and parrots. Death sits in her chilly apartment, where she lives alone with scythe and filing cabinets and contemplates her experiment: What if no one ever died again? What if she, death with a small ""d,"" became human and were to fall in love?",2005,José Saramago,5390,53564,238,Fiction,3.99,[]
407,Heir of Fire,"Celaena has survived deadly contests and shattering heartbreak-but at an unspeakable cost. Now, she must travel to a new land to confront her darkest truth . . . a truth about her heritage that could change her life-and her future-forever. Meanwhile, brutal and monstrous forces are gathering on the horizon, intent on enslaving her world. Will Celaena find the strength to not only fight her inner demons, but to take on the evil that is about to be unleashed?",2014,Sarah J. Maas,39319,532366,565,Fantasy,4.46,[]
408,A Tale for the Time Being,"In Tokyo, sixteen-year-old Nao has decided there's only one escape from her aching loneliness and her classmates' bullying, but before she ends it all, Nao plans to document the life of her great-grandmother, a Buddhist nun who's lived more than a century. A diary is Nao's only solace—and will touch lives in a ways she can scarcely imagine. Across the Pacific, we meet Ruth, a novelist living on a remote island who discovers a collection of artifacts washed ashore in a Hello Kitty lunchbox—possibly debris from the devastating 2011 tsunami. As the mystery of its contents unfolds, Ruth is pulled into the past, into Nao's drama and her unknown fate, and forward into her own future. Full of Ozeki's signature humour and deeply engaged with the relationship between writer and reader, past and present, fact and fiction, quantum physics, history, and myth, A Tale for the Time Being is a brilliantly inventive, beguiling story of our shared humanity and the search for home.",2013,Ruth Ozeki,13894,108523,432,Fiction,4.05,[]
409,"I'd Tell You I Love You, But Then I'd Have to Kill You","Cammie Morgan is a student at the Gallagher Academy for Exceptional Young Women, a fairly typical all-girls school—that is, if every school taught advanced martial arts in PE and the latest in chemical warfare in science, and students received extra credit for breaking CIA codes in computer class. The Gallagher Academy might claim to be a school for geniuses, but it's really a school for spies. Even though Cammie is fluent in fourteen languages and capable of killing a man in seven different ways, she has no idea what to do when she meets an ordinary boy who thinks she's an ordinary girl. Sure, she can tap his phone, hack into his computer, or track him through town with the skill of a real ""pavement artist""—but can she maneuver a relationship with someone who can never know the truth about her? Cammie Morgan may be an elite spy-in-training, but in her sophomore year, she's on her most dangerous mission—falling in love.",2006,Ally Carter,8104,185692,284,Young Adult,3.84,[]
410,Exotic Neurotic,"SYNOPSIS Exotic Neurotic is a book of poetry which involves subject matter such as depression, imbalance within one's personal self, angst, frustration, youthfulness, antisocial behavior, and violence. In addition, many of Exotic Neurotic's thematic properties also pertain to love, illness, death, human anatomy, physical deformities, elimination, birth, and abortion.",2016,Kenneth Jarrett Singleton,11,2442,108,Poetry,3.68,[]
411,Good in Bed,"Weiner's witty, original, fast-moving debut features a lovable heroine, a solid cast, snappy dialogue and a poignant take on life's priorities.For twenty-eight years, things have been tripping along nicely for Cannie Shapiro. Sure, her mother has come charging out of the closet, and her father has long since dropped out of her world. But she loves her friends, her rat terrier, Nifkin, and her job as pop culture reporter for The Philadelphia Examiner. She's even made a tenuous peace with her plus-size body. But the day she opens up a national women's magazine and sees the words ""Loving a Larger Woman"" above her ex-boyfriend's byline, Cannie is plunged into misery...and the most amazing year of her life. From Philadelphia to Hollywood and back home again, she charts a new course for herself: mourning her losses, facing her past, and figuring out who she is and who she can become.",2002,Jennifer Weiner,6385,298671,376,Chick Lit,3.74,[]
412,Halfway to the Grave,"Flirting With The Grave…Half-vampire Catherine Crawfield is going after the undead with a vengeance, hoping that one of these deadbeats is her father – the one responsible for ruining her mother’s life. Then she’s captured by Bones, a vampire bounty hunter, and is forced into an unlikely partnership.In exchange for help finding her father, Cat agrees to train with the sexy night stalker until her battle reflexes are as sharp as his fangs. She’s amazed she doesn’t end up as his dinner – are there actually good vampires? Pretty soon Bones will have her convinced that being half-dead doesn’t have to be all bad. But before she can enjoy her status as kick-ass demon hunter, Cat and Bones are pursued by a group of killers. Now Cat will have to choose a side … and Bones is turning out to be as tempting as any man with a heartbeat.",2007,Jeaniene Frost,8258,153003,358,Paranormal,4.14,[]
413,Infidel,"One of today’s most admired and controversial political figures, Ayaan Hirsi Ali burst into international headlines following the murder of Theo van Gogh by an Islamist who threatened that she would be next. She made headlines again when she was stripped of her citizenship and resigned from the Dutch Parliament.Infidel shows the coming of age of this distinguished political superstar and champion of free speech as well as the development of her beliefs, iron will, and extraordinary determination to fight injustice. Raised in a strict Muslim family, Hirsi Ali survived civil war, female mutilation, brutal beatings, adolescence as a devout believer during the rise of the Muslim Brotherhood, and life in four troubled, unstable countries ruled largely by despots. She escaped from a forced marriage and sought asylum in the Netherlands, where she earned a college degree in political science, tried to help her tragically depressed sister adjust to the West, and fought for the rights of Muslim women and the reform of Islam as a member of Parliament. Under constant threat, demonized by reactionary Islamists and politicians, disowned by her father, and expelled from family and clan, she refuses to be silenced.Ultimately a celebration of triumph over adversity, Hirsi Ali’s story tells how a bright little girl evolves out of dutiful obedience to become an outspoken, pioneering freedom fighter. As Western governments struggle to balance democratic ideals with religious pressures, no other book could be more timely or more significant.",2006,Ayaan Hirsi Ali,6825,88413,353,Nonfiction,4.18,[]
414,Untamed,"Zoey Redbird's adventures at vampyre finishing school take a wild and dangerous turn as loyalties are tested and shocking true intentions come to light, in this spellbinding fourth novel in the House of Night series.",2008,P.C. Cast,3865,229266,338,Young Adult,3.94,[]
415,Fun Home,"In this graphic memoir, Alison Bechdel charts her fraught relationship with her late father.Distant and exacting, Bruce Bechdel was an English teacher and director of the town funeral home, which Alison and her family referred to as the Fun Home. It was not until college that Alison, who had recently come out as a lesbian, discovered that her father was also gay. A few weeks after this revelation, he was dead, leaving a legacy of mystery for his daughter to resolve.",2006,Alison Bechdel,11701,166297,232,Graphic Novels,4.08,[]
416,Let's Pretend This Never Happened,"Internet star Jenny Lawson, aka The Bloggess, makes her literary debut. Jenny Lawson realized that the most mortifying moments of our lives—the ones we’d like to pretend never happened—are in fact the ones that define us. Lawson takes readers on a hilarious journey recalling her bizarre upbringing in rural Texas, her devastatingly awkward high school years, and her relationship with her long-suffering husband, Victor. Chapters include: “Stanley the Magical, Talking Squirrel”; “A Series of Angry Post-It Notes to My Husband”; “My Vagina Is Fine. Thanks for Asking”; “And Then I Snuck a Dead Cuban Alligator on an Airplane.” Pictures with captions (no one would believe these things without proof) accompany the text.",2012,Jenny  Lawson,19319,186101,318,Nonfiction,3.90,[]
417,Safe Haven,"From the #1 New York Times bestselling author comes a captivating love story filled with suspense and mystery.When a mysterious young woman named Katie appears in the small North Carolina town of Southport, her sudden arrival raises questions about her past. Beautiful yet self-effacing, Katie seems determined to avoid forming personal ties until a series of events draws her into two reluctant relationships: one with Alex, a widowed store owner with a kind heart and two young children; and another with her plainspoken single neighbor, Jo. Despite her reservations, Katie slowly begins to let down her guard, putting down roots in the close-knit community and becoming increasingly attached to Alex and his family.But even as Katie begins to fall in love, she struggles with the dark secret that still haunts and terrifies her . . . a past that set her on a fearful, shattering journey across the country, to the sheltered oasis of Southport. With Jo's empathic and stubborn support, Katie eventually realizes that she must choose between a life of transient safety and one of riskier rewards . . . and that in the darkest hour, love is the only true safe haven.",2010,Nicholas Sparks,14614,369181,340,Romance,4.21,[]
418,The Underground Railroad,"Cora is a slave on a cotton plantation in Georgia. Life is hell for all the slaves, but especially bad for Cora; an outcast even among her fellow Africans, she is coming into womanhood--where even greater pain awaits. When Caesar, a recent arrival from Virginia, tells her about the Underground Railroad, they decide to take a terrifying risk and escape. Matters do not go as planned--Cora kills a young white boy who tries to capture her. Though they manage to find a station and head north, they are being hunted.In Whitehead's ingenious conception, the Underground Railroad is no mere metaphor--engineers and conductors operate a secret network of tracks and tunnels beneath the Southern soil. Cora and Caesar's first stop is South Carolina, in a city that initially seems like a haven. But the city's placid surface masks an insidious scheme designed for its black denizens. And even worse: Ridgeway, the relentless slave catcher, is close on their heels. Forced to flee again, Cora embarks on a harrowing flight, state by state, seeking true freedom.Like the protagonist of Gulliver's Travels, Cora encounters different worlds at each stage of her journey--hers is an odyssey through time as well as space. As Whitehead brilliantly re-creates the unique terrors for black people in the pre-Civil War era, his narrative seamlessly weaves the saga of America from the brutal importation of Africans to the unfulfilled promises of the present day. The Underground Railroad is at once a kinetic adventure tale of one woman's ferocious will to escape the horrors of bondage and a shattering, powerful meditation on the history we all share.",2016,Colson Whitehead,30241,374751,306,Historical Fiction,4.05,[]
419,Half Broke Horses,"Jeannette Walls's memoir The Glass Castle was ""nothing short of spectacular"" (Entertainment Weekly). Now, in Half Broke Horses, she brings us the story of her grandmother, told in a first-person voice that is authentic, irresistible, and triumphant. ""Those old cows knew trouble was coming before we did."" So begins the story of Lily Casey Smith, Jeannette Walls's no nonsense, resourceful, and spectacularly compelling grandmother. By age six, Lily was helping her father break horses. At fifteen, she left home to teach in a frontier town -- riding five hundred miles on her pony, alone, to get to her job. She learned to drive a car (""I loved cars even more than I loved horses. They didn't need to be fed if they weren't working, and they didn't leave big piles of manure all over the place"") and fly a plane. And, with her husband Jim, she ran a vast ranch in Arizona. She raised two children, one of whom is Jeannette's memorable mother, Rosemary Smith Walls, unforgettably portrayed in The Glass Castle. Lily survived tornadoes, droughts, floods, the Great Depression, and the most heartbreaking personal tragedy. She bristled at prejudice of all kinds -- against women, Native Americans, and anyone else who didn't fit the mold. Rosemary Smith Walls always told Jeannette that she was like her grandmother, and in this true-life novel, Jeannette Walls channels that kindred spirit. Half Broke Horses is Laura Ingalls Wilder for adults, as riveting and dramatic as Isak Dinesen's Out of Africa or Beryl Markham's West with the Night. Destined to become a classic, it will transfix audiences everywhere.",2008,Jeannette Walls,12330,155556,272,Memoir,4.07,[]
420,The Children's Book,"Shortlisted for the Man Booker PrizeA spellbinding novel, at once sweeping and intimate, from the Booker Prize–winning author of Possession, that spans the Victorian era through the World War I years, and centers around a famous children’s book author and the passions, betrayals, and secrets that tear apart the people she loves.When Olive Wellwood’s oldest son discovers a runaway named Philip sketching in the basement of the new Victoria and Albert Museum—a talented working-class boy who could be a character out of one of Olive’s magical tales—she takes him into the storybook world of her family and friends.But the joyful bacchanals Olive hosts at her rambling country house—and the separate, private books she writes for each of her seven children—conceal more treachery and darkness than Philip has ever imagined. As these lives—of adults and children alike—unfold, lies are revealed, hearts are broken, and the damaging truth about the Wellwoods slowly emerges. But their personal struggles, their hidden desires, will soon be eclipsed by far greater forces, as the tides turn across Europe and a golden era comes to an end.Taking us from the cliff-lined shores of England to Paris, Munich, and the trenches of the Somme, The Children’s Book is a deeply affecting story of a singular family, played out against the great, rippling tides of the day. It is a masterly literary achievement by one of our most essential writers.",2009,A.S. Byatt,2426,17728,675,Fiction,3.66,[]
421,Hunted,"What if the hottest guy in the world was hiding a nameless evil, and all he wanted was you? At the start of this heart-pounding new installment of the bestselling House of Night series, Zoey’s friends have her back again and Stevie Rae and the red fledglings aren’t Neferet’s secrets any longer. But an unexpected danger has emerged. Neferet guards her powerful new consort, Kalona, and no one at the House of Night seems to understand the threat he poses. Kalona looks gorgeous, and he has the House of Night under his spell. A past life holds the key to breaking his rapidly spreading influence, but what if this past life shows Zoey secrets she doesn’t want to hear and truths she can’t face?",2009,P.C. Cast,3702,176708,323,Young Adult,3.92,[]
422,The Tenderness of Wolves,"A brilliant and breathtaking debut that captivated readers and garnered critical acclaim in the United Kingdom, The Tenderness of Wolves was long-listed for the Orange Prize in fiction and won the Costa Award (formerly Whitbread) Book of the Year.The year is 1867. Winter has just tightened its grip on Dove River, a tiny isolated settlement in the Northern Territory, when a man is brutally murdered. Laurent Jammett had been a voyageur for the Hudson Bay Company before an accident lamed him four years earlier. The same accident afforded him the little parcel of land in Dove River, land that the locals called unlucky due to the untimely death of the previous owner. A local woman, Mrs. Ross, stumbles upon the crime scene and sees the tracks leading from the dead man's cabin north toward the forest and the tundra beyond. It is Mrs. Ross's knock on the door of the largest house in Caulfield that launches the investigation. Within hours she will regret that knock with a mother's love -- for soon she makes another discovery: her seventeen-year-old son Francis has disappeared and is now considered a prime suspect. In the wake of such violence, people are drawn to the crime and to the township -- Andrew Knox, Dove River's elder statesman; Thomas Sturrock, a wily American itinerant trader; Donald Moody, the clumsy young Company representative; William Parker, a half-breed Native American and trapper who was briefly detained for Jammett's murder before becoming Mrs. Ross's guide. But the question remains: do these men want to solve the crime or exploit it? One by one, the searchers set out from Dove River following the tracks across a desolate landscape -- home to only wild animals, madmen, and fugitives -- variously seeking a murderer, a son, two sisters missing for seventeen years, and a forgotten Native American culture before the snows settle and cover the tracks of the past for good. In an astonishingly assured debut, Stef Penney deftly weaves adventure, suspense, revelation, and humor into an exhilarating thriller; a panoramic historical romance; a gripping murder mystery; and, ultimately, with the sheer scope and quality of her storytelling, an epic for the ages.",2006,Stef Penney,1751,14889,384,Historical Fiction,3.73,[]
423,The City & the City,"When a murdered woman is found in the city of Beszel, somewhere at the edge of Europe, it looks to be a routine case for Inspector Tyador Borlú of the Extreme Crime Squad. But as he investigates, the evidence points to conspiracies far stranger and more deadly than anything he could have imagined.Borlú must travel from the decaying Beszel to the only metropolis on Earth as strange as his own. This is a border crossing like no other, a journey as psychic as it is physical, a shift in perception, a seeing of the unseen. His destination is Beszel’s equal, rival, and intimate neighbor, the rich and vibrant city of Ul Qoma. With Ul Qoman detective Qussim Dhatt, and struggling with his own transition, Borlú is enmeshed in a sordid underworld of rabid nationalists intent on destroying their neighboring city, and unificationists who dream of dissolving the two into one. As the detectives uncover the dead woman’s secrets, they begin to suspect a truth that could cost them and those they care about more than their lives. What stands against them are murderous powers in Beszel and in Ul Qoma: and, most terrifying of all, that which lies between these two cities.Casting shades of Kafka and Philip K. Dick, Raymond Chandler and 1984, The City & the City is a murder mystery taken to dazzling metaphysical and artistic heights.",2009,China Miéville,6724,64520,312,Fantasy,3.90,[]
424,The Strain,"A Boeing 777 arrives at JFK and is on its way across the tarmac, when it suddenly stops dead. All window shades are pulled down. All lights are out. All communication channels have gone quiet. Crews on the ground are lost for answers, but an alert goes out to the CDC. Dr. Ephraim ""Eph"" Goodweather, head of their Canary project, a rapid-response team that investigates biological threats, gets the call and boards the plane. What he finds makes his blood run cold.In a pawnshop in Spanish Harlem, a former professor and survivor of the Holocaust named Abraham Setrakian knows something is happening. And he knows the time has come, that a war is brewing.So begins a battle of mammoth proportions as the vampiric virus that has infected New York begins to spill out into the streets. Eph, who is joined by Setrakian and a motley crew of fighters, must now find a way to stop the contagion and save his city - a city that includes his wife and son - before it is too late.",2009,Guillermo del Toro,6850,84316,403,Horror,3.79,[]
425,Between the World and Me,"“This is your country, this is your world, this is your body, and you must find some way to live within the all of it.” In a profound work that pivots from the biggest questions about American history and ideals to the most intimate concerns of a father for his son, Ta-Nehisi Coates offers a powerful new framework for understanding our nation’s history and current crisis. Americans have built an empire on the idea of “race,” a falsehood that damages us all but falls most heavily on the bodies of black women and men—bodies exploited through slavery and segregation, and, today, threatened, locked up, and murdered out of all proportion. What is it like to inhabit a black body and find a way to live within it? And how can we all honestly reckon with this fraught history and free ourselves from its burden?  Between the World and Me is Ta-Nehisi Coates’s attempt to answer these questions in a letter to his adolescent son. Coates shares with his son—and readers—the story of his awakening to the truth about his place in the world through a series of revelatory experiences, from Howard University to Civil War battlefields, from the South Side of Chicago to Paris, from his childhood home to the living rooms of mothers whose children’s lives were taken as American plunder. Beautifully woven from personal narrative, reimagined history, and fresh, emotionally charged reportage, Between the World and Me clearly illuminates the past, bracingly confronts our present, and offers a transcendent vision for a way forward.",2015,Ta-Nehisi Coates,28322,311960,152,Nonfiction,4.40,[]
426,Curse of The Salute,"Mysterious things happen aboard the fishing vessel Salute. Dick Frank is the skipper of the old wooden 59 foot schooner. Does she carry a curse, or is there another explanation for the strange happenings? If you are a fan of Stephen King, Dean Koontz, Peter Straub, or just love a good mystery, then immerse yourself in the hauntingly eerie tale of the Salute.",2012,Anastacia Moore,13,2064,171,Horror,3.55,[]
427,Tree of Smoke,"This is the story of Skip Sands—spy-in-training, engaged in Psychological Operations against the Vietcong—and the disasters that befall him thanks to his famous uncle, a war hero known in intelligence circles simply as the Colonel. This is also the story of the Houston brothers, Bill and James, young men who drift out of the Arizona desert into a war in which the line between disinformation and delusion has blurred away. In its vision of human folly, and its gritty, sympathetic portraits of men and women desperate for an end to their loneliness, whether in sex or death or by the grace of God, this is a story like nothing in our literature. Tree of Smoke is Denis Johnson’s first full-length novel in nine years, and his most gripping, beautiful, and powerful work to date.Tree of Smoke was the 2007 National Book Award Winner for Fiction.",2004,Denis Johnson,1400,13043,614,Fiction,3.59,[]
428,Old Man's War,"John Perry did two things on his 75th birthday. First he visited his wife's grave. Then he joined the army.The good news is that humanity finally made it into interstellar space. The bad news is that planets fit to live on are scarce-- and alien races willing to fight us for them are common. So: we fight. To defend Earth, and to stake our own claim to planetary real estate. Far from Earth, the war has been going on for decades: brutal, bloody, unyielding.Earth itself is a backwater. The bulk of humanity's resources are in the hands of the Colonial Defense Force. Everybody knows that when you reach retirement age, you can join the CDF. They don't want young people; they want people who carry the knowledge and skills of decades of living. You'll be taken off Earth and never allowed to return. You'll serve two years at the front. And if you survive, you'll be given a generous homestead stake of your own, on one of our hard-won colony planets.John Perry is taking that deal. He has only the vaguest idea what to expect. Because the actual fight, light-years from home, is far, far harder than he can imagine--and what he will become is far stranger.",2005,John Scalzi,11155,183765,355,Science Fiction,4.23,[]
429,The Goose Girl,"She was born with her eyes closed and a word on her tongue, a word she could not taste.Her name was Anidori-Kiladra Talianna Isilee, Crown Princess of Kildenree, and she spent the first years of her life listening to her aunt’s stories and learning the language of the birds, especially the swans. And when she was older, she watched as a colt was born, and she heard the first word on his tongue, his name, Falada.From the Grimm’s fairy tale of the princess who became a goose girl before she could become queen, Shannon Hale has woven an incredible, original, and magical tale of a girl who must find her own unusual talents before she can lead the people she has made her own.",2003,Shannon Hale,10671,140546,383,Fantasy,4.13,[]
430,The Paris Wife,"Chicago, 1920: Hadley Richardson is a quiet twenty-eight-year-old who has all but given up on love and happiness—until she meets Ernest Hemingway and her life changes forever. Following a whirlwind courtship and wedding, the pair set sail for Paris, where they become the golden couple in a lively and volatile group—the fabled “Lost Generation”—that includes Gertrude Stein, Ezra Pound, and F. Scott and Zelda Fitzgerald. Though deeply in love, the Hemingways are ill prepared for the hard-drinking and fast-living life of Jazz Age Paris, which hardly values traditional notions of family and monogamy. Surrounded by beautiful women and competing egos, Ernest struggles to find the voice that will earn him a place in history, pouring all the richness and intensity of his life with Hadley and their circle of friends into the novel that will become The Sun Also Rises. Hadley, meanwhile, strives to hold on to her sense of self as the demands of life with Ernest grow costly and her roles as wife, friend, and muse become more challenging. Despite their extraordinary bond, they eventually find themselves facing the ultimate crisis of their marriage—a deception that will lead to the unraveling of everything they’ve fought so hard for. A heartbreaking portrayal of love and torn loyalty, The Paris Wife is all the more poignant because we know that, in the end, Hemingway wrote that he would rather have died than fallen in love with anyone but Hadley.",2011,Paula McLain,22131,289192,314,Historical Fiction,3.82,[]
431,The Big Short,"The #1 New York Times bestseller: ""It is the work of our greatest financial journalist, at the top of his game. And it's essential reading.""—Graydon Carter, Vanity FairThe real story of the crash began in bizarre feeder markets where the sun doesn't shine and the SEC doesn't dare, or bother, to tread: the bond and real estate derivative markets where geeks invent impenetrable securities to profit from the misery of lower- and middle-class Americans who can't pay their debts. The smart people who understood what was or might be happening were paralyzed by hope and fear; in any case, they weren't talking.Michael Lewis creates a fresh, character-driven narrative brimming with indignation and dark humor, a fitting sequel to his #1 bestseller Liar's Poker. Out of a handful of unlikely-really unlikely-heroes, Lewis fashions a story as compelling and unusual as any of his earlier bestsellers, proving yet again that he is the finest and funniest chronicler of our time.",back,Michael   Lewis,7540,153509,1,Nonfiction,4.29,"['”The ability of Wall Street traders to see themselves in their success and their management in their failure would later be echoed, when their firms, which disdained the need for government regulation in good times, insisted on being rescued by government in bad times. Success was an individual achievement; failure was a social problem.”The real estate market in the United States after several years of frantic growth peaked in 2004, which was the year I decided to start buying properties. I was able to secure 6% interest on about any property I wanted to buy with no money down. I had an 800+ credit score, which had bankers salivating when I walked in the door. I put everything on 30 year notes to give me more cash flow. The first time I bought a property, the banker wrote it up as an ARM (adjustable rate mortgage). He showed me how much lower my payment would be. Of course, what he didn’t explain was what the payment would look like when the interest rate went up. (I’m the offspring of a farmer and had the opportunity to watch my father negotiate several mortgage notes. My father always said to never trust a banker and, furthermore, never trust that a banker knows what he is doing.) When I told the banker I wanted a fixed mortgage, he looked shocked for a moment. He said, “I haven’t written a fixed note in so long that I’ll have to look up how to do it.”Warning bells were going off in my head. My friends and acquaintances from all over the country were buying properties. Many were buying properties they could not afford and knew it, but they were hoping to ride the positive wave of escalating property values which would allow them to keep tapping their equity to pay their bills. Many of them fell into the category of subprime mortgages. ”A subprime mortgage is a type of loan granted to individuals with poor credit histories (often below 600), who, as a result of their deficient credit ratings, would not be able to qualify for conventional mortgages.”Michael Lewis talks about ”thin file FICO scores,” which are people with short credit histories, but have good credit. One example that Lewis uses is a Mexican strawberry picker making $14,000, who qualified for a loan for $750,000 all because he hadn’t proved he couldn’t pay. Anyone with any sense, you don’t need business acumen for this one, can look at that situation and KNOW with certainty that strawberry picker will not be able to make his payments. The whole lending system, from the big boys on Wall Street down to the loan officer in your local bank, was making and encouraging too many loans destined to fail. It was ok though because they were going to bundle them together with a bunch of other notes and sell them to someone else. Unfortunately, and I blame the car industry for this, Americans are much more interested in a lower payment than they are in how long it will take to pay off a note or how much interest they will end up paying. What is the first thing a car salesman asks a car buying prospect? How big a monthly payment can you pay? It doesn’t matter what type of car or how expensive that vehicle is; what is important is what they are capable of paying per month. Car loans used to be three years in length. Now, most people take seven years to pay off their car. They have no idea how much they will have paid for that vehicle at the end of seven years. I recently bought a new Jeep Cherokee, and when they brought the paperwork, I realized that they hadn’t even asked me if I wanted a five year or a seven year note. They automatically wrote it up for seven. I had them change it to five. So that same mentality transferred over to mortgages. It was easy to talk Americans into ARMs because of the lower payment offer (interest only) compared to a fixed rate. In most cases, I can guarantee they were never offered or shown a fixed rate. ”Interest only ARM mortgages were only 5.85% of the pool in early 2004, but by late 2004 they were 17.48% of the pool, and by late summer 2005 25.34% of the pool. To say that everything was getting out of balance was an understatement. We were being set up for a disaster. If the real estate dipped or remained flat, the whole, forgive the pun, house of cards, was going to come down. Home owners had to keep gaining equity to stay afloat. 2009 was the year that I decided to refinance all my properties. The interest rate was unbelievably low, and one of my fears was that the paradigm would shift and interest rates would begin to climb. I was on a fixed rate of 6%, which historically that was a great rate for home mortgages, but the interest rate I was about to get was going to blow my mind. 4.25% (now you can probably write a primary loan for less).Not only did they give me that rate on my primary home, but also across the board on all my rental properties. My main goal for refinancing was to lower the interest, but also to take my 30 year mortgages and put them on 15 years. The banker said some interesting things to me. One was that they were willing to waive the fees if I’d write new 30 year mortgage notes. He showed me how much lower my monthly payments (ahh yes that old stratagem) would be compared to the 15 year notes. He said that if I wanted to pay them off in fifteen years, all I would have to do is make bigger principle payments. This is extremely bad advice. Most people never make an extra payment on their car or house or with some, totally insane consumers, even their credit cards. They pay the minimum they have to pay.One of the problems with most loan officers is that they really don’t understand the loans they are writing. I had one property that had a house with a trailer house on the same lot. I could almost hear the pop in the banker’s head when he realized there was a trailer house involved. They don’t finance trailer houses. I explained that the trailer house needed to be considered personal property; I had plenty of equity in the house to meet the criteria for the loan. I had to go up the chain of the bank until finally I was talking to some guy in Milwaukee who got what I was saying and approved the loan. I don’t like the fact that the person who makes the decision about any loan I make is not the person sitting in front of me, but that is the banking system we work with now. The crises of 2008 should have never happened. Regulations on banks and Wall Street had been relaxed. Without regulations they went crazy. They lost their minds. ”There were more morons than crooks, but the crooks were higher up.”This book focuses on the handful of brokers who could see the crash coming and decided to bet against homeowners being able to make their payments. It was dicey because if the government stepped in and shored up those home loans, they would lose their bet. They won, and they won big. At the time, I supported President Bush’s administration stepping in with a bailout for Wall Street. I was wrong to do so. I was afraid of a further collapse that would bring even those of us who were solvent down with the ones already under water. (I do believe that the bailout of the auto industry was an astute decision that ended up saving that industry and thousands of blue collar jobs.) I have only a few thousand in the stock market these days. I took my money out and bought a business. I wish more Americans would invest in something tangible, like a business or real estate. I’d rather that when Wall Street goes crazy with greed again, and they will, that they don’t have the retirements of middle class Americans to lose on some greedy short term gain venture.My advice to everyone is to really KNOW your finances. Don’t assume that a banker or accountant knows what is best for you. Don’t put your future in someone else’s hands. Use their expertise to educate yourself. Don’t over leverage yourself under the assumption that you will make more money in the future. Buy at a price you can afford now, not what you think you will be able to afford later. If you are thinking about buying a home, the concept of buy low and sell high should apply. If possible, wait for a buyer’s market. Buy below market if you can so that you have some ready made equity already in your home. (The quicker you can get enough equity, usually 20%, in your home to avoid PMI payments the better. Private Mortgage Insurance protects the lender if you default on your loan though THEY benefit you pay the premium.) Don’t fall in love with a house until you own it. Don’t ever risk money you can’t afford to lose. This is a painful book to read from the standpoint of the recklessness, the greed, the foolishness that all contributed to the 2008 subprime mortgage crises. I wasn’t shocked to learn that the “experts” didn’t even know what they were selling or buying most of the time. They didn’t understand their own acronyms. Like, what the fxxk is a CDO (collateralized debt obligation), and what the hell are tranches? It’s okay for me not to know, but these people at Bear Stearns, Merrill Lynch, Lehman Brothers, UBS, Goldman Sachs, and Morgan Stanley didn’t really understand what they were either. These supposedly best and brightest were blinded by greed. They couldn’t see that the track in front of their roaring train loaded with subprime mortgages...had disappeared and the gorge they fell into was... deep.I’m really looking forward to seeing the movie. If you wish to see more of my most recent book and movie reviews, visithttp://www.jeffreykeeten.comI also have a Facebook blogger page at:https://www.facebook.com/JeffreyKeeten.Show more', ""Michael Lewis looks at a handful of people who saw what was happening in the US economy, tried to sound an alarm, but also used their knowledge to make barrels of cash.If the tales told here, following the fiscal 9/11 that is Wall Street ethics, do not scare you away from investing with any Wall Street firm, I do not know what will. Lewis may single-handedly revive stuffing cash in mattresses as a savings option. Michael Lewis - image from Boston’s WBUR - photo by Robin LubbockWhat becomes clear is that there is no substitute for doing the hard work of gathering and analyzing data. That, really, is what the people portrayed here did. And they were confident enough in their analysis that they used it to personal advantage. Not all are Gordon Gecko types, sociopathic greed machines. Some even tried to warn legislators and corporations at risk just how crazy the bubbling market had become. I suppose it should come as no shock that short-term gain, even if based on insanity, will always triumph long-term rationality if it means reducing the next quarter’s profits. Well, almost always. One key is the willingness of ratings agencies, like Moody’s and S&P, to hold their noses and rate as triple-A offerings that should have been rated as triple-crap. As long as the ratings agencies are reliant on businesses which bring products to them to rate, it is difficult to see how meaningful change can be effected. Lewis has produced a very interesting portrait not only of a group of super-bright analysts, but of Wall Street gone wild. The book offers insight into the details of how the mess was made possible. It is one of the best looks at the financial crisis I have seen. Maybe I should invest in a better mattress?1/22/16 - Saw the film tonight, and it is fracking brilliant!=============================EXTRA STUFFLinks to Lewis's personal and Facebook sitesReviews of other books by the author----- Boomerang----- MoneyballShow more"", '\n\nThe Subprime Mortgage Crisis...it’s too easy to just lay blame on a cabal of greed-constipated Wall Street sphincters who unzipped their consciences, yanked down their morals and dropped a huge deuce on the U.S. financial system. In many ways it’s TRUE and it feels REALLY good to say...but it’s too easy. There were clearly some major crooks, scumbags and swindlers involved in this monetary atrocity...a number of whom should have been taken out to the desert and shot, in my very pissed off opinion. However, more than anything else, the crisis was caused by monumental stupidity, a lack of proper checks and balances and a blind, mindless momentum that, once started and fueled by quick profits, became an unstoppable force dragging down the economy. \n\nMichael Lewis opens up the windows on this malodorous morass and let’s some of the stink out by giving us an easily understandable, and eminently readable, synopsis of the financial ponzi-scheme that produced the most astoundingly epic financial crisis in U.S. history. Told through the lens of a small cast of brilliant, eccentric and highly entertaining money mavens who were the first to see that the Subprime ""emperor"" was naked and dangerously out of control, Lewis traces the crisis from its origins in the mid-1990s through the bursting of the bubble that began in 2007 and is still leaking all over us. Lewis does a terrific job making this painful, and still fresh memory, an enjoyable read. He also should be complimented on making the extremely compmlicated financial instruments and inner workings of the crisis understandable to the lawman by showing us their origin through the major places of the time. The primary viewpoints used include:Those that were Right:Steve Eisman: An anti-social, verbally abusive hedge fund manager with no ability or desire to filter content from his thoughts to his words. Reading about Steve is hysterical as he would offend almost every Wall Street type he came in contact with…and he was usually right. Dr. Michael Burry: A trained neurologist with Asperger’s Syndrome and one eye who picked stocks in his spare time and eventually formed one of the most successful investment firms (Scion Capital) in the country by making large, large, LARGE bets against the Subprime Mortgage market. Meredith Whitney: a banking analyst who rose to fame when she predicted, in 2007, the massive failures of Citigroup and Bear Stearns based on their involvement in the Subprime Mortgage market. Those that were Wrong:Wing Chau: Head of Merrill Lynch’s CDO (Collateralized debt obligations) Group who knew that he was so right about the viability of the Subprime lending market and the sustainability of housing prices that he ended up losing Billions and bankrupting his employer. Howie Hubler: Not content to half ass it, Hubler went ahead and lost 9 Billion Dollars on a single trade involving credit default swaps*. * While there are a book’s worth of details, in essence a credit default swap agreement is an insurance policy whereby one party (the buyer) pays the insuring party (the seller) a series of fees (like an insurance premium) and the insuring party agrees to pay the buyer the face amount of a home loan if it defaults. When foreclosures escalated in the subprime mortgage market, the seller’s of these agreements, which included most of the major WallStreet firms, were S...C...R...E...W...E...D. Very badly screwed...along with the rest of us. Joseph Cassano: Nicknamed “Patient Zero” of the meltdown, Joe was the executive at AIG in charge of the company’s subsidiary (AIG Financial Products Corporation) that issued billions in credit default swaps (many to Steve Eisman and Michael Burry) that ended up coming due when the housing market tanked. One of the most interesting aspects of the book for me was how eccentric the people on the ""right"" side of the crisis were. Lewis shows us just how bold and anti-herd mentality a person has to be in order to be convinced that everyone else in the market is crazy and that they are right. The people in this tale are very, very unique individuals and it makes the reading a lot of fun. This is a terrific book. Well written, thoroughly engaging and paced very, very well. It entertains while showing us succinctly how we went for economic robustness to just bustness…\n\nNow, there are aspects of the financial meltdown that I would have liked to have seen discussed though I will not call their absence a gripe on my part. A book dealing with all of the permutations and trickle down effects of the mortgage crisis would have looked like a multiple volume encyclopedia and would be a tough read. I just would have liked a little more on the breadth and depth of the disaster that the subprime mortgage market created. The meltdown in the residential housing market following the massive short-term appreciation in the housing market caused by the proliferation of sub-prime mortgages rippled through the entire economy including: * the massive increase in the value of raw land for residential housing developments that eventually bankrupted so many home builders who spent ungodly amounts per acre on property based on the continuing increase in home prices.* the related surge in the price of commercial and industrial real estate that followed close behind the jump in residential land prices and led to the largest batch of commercial/industrial foreclosures in U.S. history. There is no aspect of the U.S. economy that was not significantly impacted by the greed-fueled, short-sighted debacle of the sub-prime mortgage crisis…and no guarantee that there is not significant pain still to come. Still, for what this book does, it should be applauded. For the reasons stated above, and because it is a terrifically told story, you should read this book. 4.0 stars. HIGHEST POSSIBLE RECOMMENDATION!!Show more', '...there\'s a difference between an old-fashioned financial panic and what had happened on Wall Street in 2008. In an old-fashioned panic, perception creates its own reality: Someone shouts ""Fire!"" in a crowded theater and the audience crushes each other to death in its rush for the exits. On Wall Street in 2008 the reality finally overwhelmed perceptions: A crowded theater burned down with a lot of people still in their seats. Every major firm on Wall Street was either bankrupt or fatally intertwined with a bankrupt system. The problem wasn\'t that [they] had been allowed to fail. The problem was that [they] had been allowed to succeed.I must just have a thing for any work having to do with the ""Doomsday Machine"" that was our economy at and around the Great Recession. Not only did I thoroughly enjoy this book--and learned a hell of a lot from it as well--but I also would put \nCarousel Court\n, a fictional account of the Great Recession, in my top 5 reads of 2016. There are 2 major reasons for why I\'m so enthralled by this phenomenon that occurred in our country and had ripple effects throughout the world economy: 1) When this was happening in 2007 and 2008, I was in college. Just another undergraduate student with big dreams and small money. I didn\'t notice what was going on, as so many around me didn\'t, because I was used to living off of Ramen noodles and Red Bull, me and 5 of my friends piling into my sedan to go to parties, then still holding down jobs we hated on top of it all. The struggle was real--and it was normalized at that point in our lives, so, at that time, it didn\'t occur to me that what was going on around me was not the norm. But now, in retrospect, with the sharpened eyes and heightened cultural awareness I have now, it enthralls me for another reason too (2): because the greed, stupidity and raging capitalism that brought this country to its knees (only for our taxpaying dollars to bail it out and pick it back up again, of course) is what I came to understand that we are widely known for and understood as the world over during my time living overseas. Not the Recession itself, but the mentality that got us there. To see it here, to experience it as close to the inside as I can be, so many years removed, through Michael Lewis\' The Big Short is to understand what has become our weakness and our strength (depending on who you ask) and a global caricature of our mores, our values and our very personalities: greed to the point of raging ignorance.Don\'t worry, I won\'t soapbox here unless you ask me to.The basic idea here stemmed from what we already know of America: it is a land where quite often the rich do get richer while the poor do get poorer, and, because of that, there opened up a market for subprime lending like a yet-undiscovered sea full of plentiful fish just waiting to be pillaged and plundered by Wall Street and the big banks. Not only that, but the big banks functioned like dope boys, essentially, flipping their profits at the buyers\' expense, destroying their surroundings as they did so--only, these flips yielded billions upon billions, and the companies lost billions upon billions as well. The system was set up to profit from others\' losses: as homeowners went into default, homes were lost and lives derailed, there was always someone else there on the other side of the bet (or swap) to get rich off of their loss by buying and betting on the debts of average Americans.The subprime market tapped a segment of the American public that did not typically have anything to do with Wall Street: the tranche between the fifth and twenty-ninth percentile in their credit ratings. That is, the lenders were making loans to people who were less creditworthy than 71 percent of the population.I can\'t even go into the ratings companies, Moody\'s and S&P, who should have been policing this, but were instead lining their own pockets by selling AAA ratings for fees and looking the other way. And, I won\'t even further comment on how the mortgage bond market was born and allowed to grow to the size that the U.S. economy came to depend on its stability, all out of greed and ripping off subprime borrowers. Nope, won\'t do it--but what I will do is say that anyone who\'s never read this book, anyone who is still scratching their heads and trying to figure out, ""What the hell was that about?"" should pick up this book and read it. Not only was it a phenomenal read--wholly entertaining, comedic even--but it was also very insightful. I guarantee you, love this country though we do, you\'ll understand the next time you\'re abroad and you get the side-eye glance from the natives. Our reputations precede us, and this is only one of a million reasons why. An easily earned, happily given 5 stars. *****FOLLOW ME HERE:Goodreads | Twitter | Instagram | Get a Copy of My Book | Book Editing, Author Coaching, Submit Your Book to Me Show more', 'I feel a little late to the club reading this now. I did want to understand more fully understand what happened the last time we had a recession, especially now that we keep hearing about how there might be another one impending. I found the book informative but it did feel kind of dry and boring at points. I also kind of wish more time had been spent on the people who created the situation versus those who where able to realize what was going on and capitalize off of the crash. Show more', 'Original review: May 4, 2010Lewis has a talent for making his readers feel smart. Taking in his best works, you’re granted kinship with the elite. Like a trader at Salomon Brothers, you might laugh at the chumps in the bond market; or like the money-constrained boss of the Oakland A’s, you might cobble together a winning line-up by way of statistics; or like a genius of modern day football, you would recognize the importance of a great left tackle in protecting your quarterback’s blind side. Now, with The Big Short, you will have no doubt foreseen the folly of investing in subprime mortgages with their impending defaults. He does this in a very readable way, too. The characters are all interesting – often genuinely quirky. And his vantage point as a quasi-insider signifies the straight scoop. Whatever the topic, he explains its subtleties well enough that you can paraphrase it to impress friends over cocktails. Our man Lewis was clever to focus on the winners of the bet. As he explained in an interview, those were the ones who were willing to talk to him. They saw what became obvious in hindsight: that many of the loans backing mortgage securities were originated with very low standards applied (by firms who didn’t have to eat their own cooking), were issued with teaser rates that would soon adjust up, and were likely to default as soon as the air started coming out of the big housing balloon. For reasons Lewis explains well, the bet against the bubble was not so apparent to many. These securities were hidden in tranches of complicated mortgage-backed securities with obscure features that made it harder to do proper due diligence. They were also rated too high by Moody’s and S&P for the default potential they contained (partly because the agencies were easily duped by the Goldmans of the world who were paying their fees and wanted AAA assets to vend). Plus, there was little to go on from past default data because such high levels of credit unworthiness had never before been experienced. Modeling assumptions were poor, too. For instance, it was thought that diversification across regions would reduce risks. The widespread downturn in housing showed otherwise, of course. Default correlations were high. It hurt the cause, too, when some of the strongest personalities in the business, like Cassano at AIG and Hubler at Morgan Stanley, were also some of the wrongest.The misdeeds on Wall Street were spotlighted well. I couldn’t help feeling, though, especially at the end, that Lewis had overstated his case. There were times when he claimed the investment banks were stupid for not knowing the true value of these assets and at the same time duplicitous in passing them off to customers. You can’t have it both ways, at least not in that case. I was also hoping that he would weigh in on some of the other factors that contributed to the crash, such as the role of government with its CRA program and the poor oversight of its sponsored enterprises, toxic waste-makers Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. Other points Lewis made against the investment banks were more deserving, I thought, among them, the fact that they are no longer partnerships (where any losses would truly hit home), but rather corporations with limited liability. Agency theory in economics points to the problem of employees receiving a much bigger share of the upside (with bonus structures as they are), and a lot less of any downside. Riskier strategies result. That doesn’t explain everything, though. Several of the notable blow-ups included principal architects who were also major shareholders. For instance, Richard Fuld lost over half a billion in share value when Lehman went under.The other thing I thought was noteworthy about Lewis’s critique was something he alluded to in the introduction. He said when he wrote Liar’s Poker that he intended for it to be a finger-wagging at the industry’s bad behavior. Many read it instead as a how-to manual. This disconcerted him, and it was apparent that he went to greater lengths this time to dwell on the negatives. That said, might we still get the sense that he wants it both ways? His descriptions are alluring, the language of the cognoscenti is enticing, the personalities are bigger than life, and the market savvy that decides who wins the pot is celebrated. Wittingly or not, there’s an extent to which he glamorizes. I’ll take him at his word that he doesn’t want to see bright young people flocking to Wall Street anymore, but it seems there’s a small, slightly disingenuous part of him that still finds it all pretty fascinating.In summary: strongly recommended as a guidebook on the crisis, very entertaining, but maybe not the one-stop shopping it might have been for assigning all warranted blame.Addendum: 1/26/2016I never would have guessed this book had movie potential. And I never would have thought that if it was adapted, that they’d bring in the director of Anchorman and Talladega Nights to do it. Now I half-way expect the Farrelly brothers to counter with a version of Think and Grow Rich. Or maybe those guys who made Airplane! and the Naked Gun movies could team up to put Who Moved My Cheese? onto the big screen. Now that I’m thinking of it, does Mickey Mouse still do movies? Show more', 'Update: Christmas greetings to those of you who celebrate! Paul and I are seeing this movie today! I\'m guessing the movie will be great!Hasn\'t everyone read this book? In my area --extra copies could be found at bus stops around town -on tables in Star Bucks -I wouldn\'t have been surprised if books were added to people\'s grocery bags. At one time this was the \'it\' book to read. ""The Big Short"" was everywhere. Michael Lewis became a popular-household name....Hugely entertaining and informative look at the current economic shambles! ---If you have not read this yet--go to your local library --(I\'m sure you can find a free copy) --and refresh your history with the financial disaster which \'touched/touches\' our lives...BEFORE seeing the movie this year. The movie looks great! \'Almost\' as wonderful as Michael Lewis is at being a storyteller.Show more', 'Remember that point, in recent years, when we all started to notice something strange? Houses were getting more and more expensive, interest rates were dropping more and more, and most of us knew someone who had no money, but was able to get a huge mortgage. And then there were all the stories of people buying houses with no money down and interest-only payments for three years. How exactly were these people expecting to make principal payments in three years? And why was anyone lending them money?In “The Big Short,” Michael Lewis explains that all of this was just the tip of an iceberg: an iceberg floating in exceedingly murky water. There was a reason for all of the bad mortgages. The people making the mortgages were selling them, so they didn’t care how bad they were. The mortgages were being bought by companies that bundled them and turned them into bonds—which they were able to sell, so they didn’t care how bad the mortgages were either.In order to be sold, the bonds had to be rated by one of three rating agencies. In a reasonable financial system, rating agency analyst would be the career the most ambitious business students aspired to. As it is, these analysts are some of the lowest-paid and least-respected employees in the financial world. The smartest and most talented people on Wall Street are never at the rating agencies. (They tend to become bond traders.) The agencies are paid to rate bonds by the very companies that produce the bonds. As mortgage bonds were a new kind of bond, they needed help understanding them. So the same companies also explained the bonds to the rating agencies. None of this was illegal: in fact, it is standard practice.Not surprisingly under the circumstances, a great many of these bonds (which increasingly consisted of utterly worthless mortgages) were rated triple A, the highest possible rating. The bonds that consisted of the absolutely worst mortgages were given a triple B rating. But the financial companies soon realized that triple B-rated mortgage bonds could in turn be bundled into another financial product, a collateralized debt obligation (CDO). Presented with the CDOs, the rating agencies tended to give them triple A ratings—which suggested that they were as safe an investment as U.S. Treasury bonds. Shockingly, very few people, at any level of the financial world or the U.S. government, understood that the ratings—and the bonds they described—were worthless.This is a book about many things, but it is particularly a story of incentives, and the calamitous effects of incentivizing irresponsible behavior. In a system in which virtually everyone had an incentive to do the wrong thing, almost everyone did: and almost everyone, from mortgage lenders to the Fed, failed to understand that disaster was imminent. “The Big Short” describes the very small—and very eccentric—group of people who saw it coming.The cast of characters begins with Steve Eisman, a socially inept hedge fund manager, who had turned cynic after witnessing a flagrant case of fraud on which the government refused to take action. Mike Burry is a brilliant hedge fund manager who is virtually incapable of human relationships, a problem which he blamed on his glass eye but turned out to be undiagnosed Asperger’s syndrome. Charlie Ledley and Ben Hockett were two rather aimless friends who proved to have an uncanny ability to work the financial market. Greg Lippmann was a cynical Deutsche Bank bond trader who realized that the market was unsustainable.They shared a key insight: that the market was going to collapse, and therefore the only safe bet was a bet against the market. (To short a bond is to bet that it will lose value.) Michael Lewis rivetingly describes how they first made, and then won, this bet, becoming extremely rich in the process.Recently–at Politics & Prose Bookstore, at an entertaining event with Michael Lewis–Joel Achenbach said that this book had undermined his belief in capitalism, and asked if we should all become socialists. It was a joke, but it’s also a fair question. Lewis depicts a system in utter disarray, where financial products are too complex to be understood by either buyers or sellers; the agencies in charge of evaluating these products are both under-valued and embroiled in a serious conflict of interest; and there are no incentives to encourage responsible behavior. All of this links the health of the U.S. economy to a large gamble in which virtually no one has any idea what he is doing. It is to be hoped that this book will help foster a movement toward a truly sane financial system.Show more', ""“Be fearful when others are greedy and greedy only when others are fearful.” - Warren BuffettSome of the most essential financial lessons I ever learned came from comic books back in the ‘90s when a bubble fueled by idiotic speculation on crappy books marketed as ‘collector’s editions’ eventually burst. It left me with several copies of all the variant covers for Jim Lee’s X-Men #1, and the realization that something is only as valuable as what someone will actually pay you for it. It was also eye opening to discover that a large company like Marvel would cut its own throat in the long term by compromising quality which alienated its most loyal readers for a short term gain and resulted in the company filing for bankruptcy in ’96. (Don’t worry. They landed on their feet.)A decade later I didn’t pay much attention to the real estate market because I wasn’t a home owner at the time, but occasionally I’d see or read some news about the fantastic housing market that was booming. People were seeing the value of their homes skyrocket, house prices were soaring, they were still selling, and a whole lot of people were getting very rich as analysts promised that the gravy train would roll on forever.“Well, that’s not gonna end well,” I’d think remembering all those bagged copies of The Death of Superman and Image comics sitting in my parents basement. Sadly, it didn’t occur to me to try and capitalize on those idle thoughts, but I’d like to think that if I had met any of the guys featured in this book about that time I’d have drawn on that experience and handed them my every dime I had to bet on the whole thing falling apart.Michael Lewis has written a succinct and fascinating explanation as to why and how a handful of people recognized the coming financial crisis years before it hit and found ways to profit enourmously from it. Some were smart and cynical Wall Street insiders who knew that a whole lot of people in their industry didn’t even realize the risk that their institutions had taken on when they were buying up blocks of subprime mortgages. An eccentric former medical doctor turned hedge fund manager was sure mortgages being handed out to anyone who asked would became a wave of defaults when the low teaser interest rates expired after a couple of years. A couple of outsiders who had made a small fortune by playing stock market longshots saw the upside in laying out a relatively low amount of cash that would pay off big if things went south. You might wonder at why no one sounded an alarm if they saw the collapse coming, and the short answer is that they couldn’t get anyone to listen to them when they tried. It was so inconceivable to the banks and Wall Street that the real estate market might collapse that these people pretty much had to invent ways to bet on it happening. Even the ones who could see the writing on the wall would find themselves frequently shocked at the levels of greed and stupidity they’d encounter as well as the utter lack of government oversight that might have prevented it. There’s a lot of fascinating human elements behind all of these stories, and Mike Burry, the doctor turned financial guru, is a particularly interesting person to read about. Obviously there’s many complex financial pieces that have to be explained and much of it was so complicated that even the people involved didn’t understand all of it. So there's a few parts where I found myself scratching my head. However, just as he made the story of finding new ways to measure the performance and value of baseball players in Moneyball interesting Lewis also manages to make his explanations of things like credit default swaps readable. It’s slightly depressing to read since it’s a reminder of the whole meltdown in 2008, but it’s nice to hear that at least a few deserving people got something out of the whole mess.I’d also highly recommend the film adaptation of this which mined the story for black humor and found very clever ways to explain the financial pieces.Show more"", ""A fascinating story of greed, hubris and willful ignorance. I think the movie is more compelling but still a great readIt’s really hard to know when you’re lucky or you’re smartThe system basically was fuck the poor one of the main characters of The Big Short: Inside the Doomsday Machine notes quite early in the book, and that seems an apt description of the failings in the subprime market. While well known now, the level callousness in ninja loans (no income, no job, no assets) and other mortgages for people who never would get money if not for the assumption that the residential real estate market couldn't possibly fall, is still breathtaking.Some people saw the risks, but even a fund manager who made 242% returns in 5 years versus the S&P500 dropping by 6% in the same period, has a hard time convincing his investors that conventional wisdom doesn't hold.Human inventiveness, figuring out how to bet against AIG for instance, is well portrayed. AIG accepted risks without being required to hold capital for Credit Default Swaps, using its AAA rating to profit of a nascent market where it trusted upon credit ratings and the illusion of ever rising housing prizes. Models of AIG assumed 10% subprime loans in the portfolio's its insured, versus 95% in reality, with the insurance giant getting only 12bps of insurance revenue in exchange for assuming 50 billion of risk.Here is a strange but true fact: The closer you were to the market the harder it was to see it’s folly, and many who want to bet against the folly of the market via event driven investments, are first seen as idiots by Goldman Sachs, Lehman Brothers or Deutsche Bank staff.Long options being missed-priced by the Black Scholes model, and Morgan Stanley betting both short and long on RMBS’s and losing $9billion, while paying the fund manager more than $25m in 2006, show the fragility and the complex tangle the financial system got itself into.The line between gambling and investing is thin and artificial and It’s laissez faire until you are in deep shit seem true indictments, certainly when just this week there was an FT article on how the large Wallstreet banks made $1.000b profit over the last ten years.I missed Arianna Grande and Richard Thaler (the movie is excellent!) but Michael Lewis depicts a sobering view of the financial sector, which still feels relevant today.Show more"", 'Wall Street is probably best known for the movie quote ""Greed is good.""But after reading The Big Short, Michael Lewis\' excellent book about the lead up to the 2008 global financial crisis and the small group of people who saw the collapse coming and bet against it, I think Wall Street needs a new saying: ""Y\'all are a bunch of greedy assholes.""I\'ve read several Michael Lewis books, and he does a good job explaining complex subjects to lay people. I\'d recommend this book (and the quirky movie based on it) to those interested in trying to understand the last financial crisis. Because based on the large number of greedy assholes in Wall Street, it will probably happen again.Meaningful Passage""The line between gambling and investing is artificial and thin. The soundest investment has the defining trait of a bet (you losing all of your money in hopes of making a bit more), and the wildest speculation has the salient characteristic of an investment (you might get your money back with interest). Maybe the best definition of \'investing\' is \'gambling with the odds in your favor.\' The people on the short side of the subprime mortgage market had gambled with the odds in their favor. The people on the other side — the entire financial system, essentially — had gambled with the odds against them. Up to this point, the story of the big short could not be simpler. What\'s strange and complicated about it, however, is that pretty much all the important people on both sides of the gamble table left rich.""Show more', 'This book made me want to vomit, then take a bath in a tub of bleach. Not because it\'s not well-written, but because the story is so repugnant and grotesque.Lewis\' last book ""The Blind Side"" told the stories of a lot of people who, when faced with impossible situations, chose to do the right thing and/or work harder. This book exclusively features people who were criminally stupid, those who were just flat-out criminals, and the scumbags who were smart enough to profit from it when the financial world was burning down.One sweetheart described himself as ""orgasmic"" when he received reports on the failing housing market. This guy Eisman, who Lewis places centrally in the story as if he was some kind of hero, sniffed out the giant steaming pile of crapulence early and bet heavily against it. There is no mention that Eisman ever made any attempts to contact regulators or even reporters, only that he wanted to obscure what he was doing so that he could do it longer and for increasingly greater amounts. He walked away from the debacle with a $500 million profit - and has the gall to give interviews to Michael Lewis, all indignant about how the banks were victimizing the poor?! It\'s psychopathic.In addition to Eisman, several other folks in the narrative also figure out what going on. Unfortunately, none of them worked for the SEC, the Federal Reserve, the FBI or the Wall Street Journal - they all worked for hedge funds. They all actively participated in the machinery, reaped returns in the hundreds of percent on their investment, and clearly pat themselves on the back for getting out while the going was good. As the final slap in the face, the government swoops in in the third act to pass out pallets of cash to sinking banks with almost no strings.Yes, Main Street America got taken for a ride. Most of the people who took out these subprime loans probably had no idea of the massive financial malfeasance going on several rungs up the ladder. And the same population that saw their savings wiped out and their homes repossessed will now have the pleasure of paying for the bailout with their tax dollars for the next century.But some of the blame lies at Main Street America\'s door as well. So Average Joe doesn\'t understand complex derivative products. He surely understands ""too good to be true."" Some people took interest only, floating rate, negative-amortizing mortgages. Did they really think, ""I can borrow buckets of money, truly insane multiples of my gross income, make miniscule payments to start, and have the rest of what I owe rolled into a bigger principal, the interest rate on which I don\'t even know - this is going to end well""? I occasionally watch Suze Orman\'s show, and get the feeling that some Americans truly don\'t understand the difference between being able to afford something, and being able to afford the minimum payments on something.That this catastrophe happened within a decade of Enron is unfathomable. And the scariest thing is, it doesn\'t sound like anyone - not the public, the banks or the government - learned enough to prevent this sort of thing from happening again. Apocalypse is coming, y\'all.Show more', 'It was a good book, but it disappointed. I will tell you what let me down:1. One of the reasons for the credit crash was the lenght of the easy monetary policy pursued by the FED and Greenspan after 9/11. Mr. Lewis devotes about one paragraph towards the end of the book to it and Mr. Greenspan is only mentioned three times, even though his policies were the cause of the housing bubble, my opinion.2. I found the book repetitious. He tells the same story from three different points of view, even though it was the same story. The first and last part of the book were very informative, the middle could have been skipped and the book would have accomplished the same.3. No mention of the role the Government Sponsored Entities. Freddie and Fannie, played in the roll of the CDO market and the fact that their over leverage will cost the taxpayer over $1 trillion.On the other hand, I found the description of the role and CDO managers and the rating agencies, moody and SP, absolutely fascinating. The part that really astounded me is the fact that this individual were not prosecuted for crminal behaviour. At least they should have been civilly prosecuted for failure to do due dilligence.There are also good leassons to be learned. Do not invest in thing you do not understand and do your homework when you hire an investment manager. Finally, we ned to have our government invest money in the employment of individuals who are as competent in investigating fraud as investment firms do in hiring crooks.Show more', ""I have to SHOUT during this review. Now I finally know the sleaziest, oily, untruthful, and arrogant class of people in the US--financial brokers at the big Wall Street investment banks. The Big Short is a rare look deep inside the machinery that broke the spine of our real estate industry. This is not the more common bottom-up look at the mortgage loan sweatshop industry; instead, this is a top-down view from the rarefied air above 20 stories at Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley, Merryl Lynch, JP Morgan, Lehman Brothers, Bear Sterns, Citigroup, and the other fu**ing RAPISTS in south Manhattan. I'm a fiscal conservative (and a social moderate), but I'm slowly, creakily becoming more convinced that our free market needs a bit more regulation. That concept was anathema to me just a couple years ago. But, to the big boys, the ones who won't deal unless there's more than $100 million on the table, the free market is an opportunity to collude, cheat, lie, and hedge against forces in the free market that eventually--but slowly--follow their maneuvering with mute regulations. These financiers move ahead of the market that they help mold and shape behind them like dumb, brown clay. But what happened with the mortgage industry, especially at the very top with mortgage-backed Credit Default Swaps (CDS) and Collateral Debt Obligations (CDO), was truly a once in a lifetime collusion that generated multi-trillions of dollars of imaginary money based on an industry-wide hallucination that the US taxpayer made real by bailing the IDIOTS out. CDSs and CDOs are a type of bundled bond certificate. The definition and concept of these debt instruments are so arcane that the overwhelming majority of Ivy-Leaguers that packaged and traded them had no idea what collateral was in them. Yet trades of $10 Billion at a pop were as common on Wall Street as Italian suits. At the time of the crash, 2007-2008, even the hundred million salaried CEOs couldn't answer the most simple questions about CDOs, and the risk their firms were running by owning them.  In a nutshell a CDS is this: a loan company finds hundreds of buyers that DON'T HAVE TO BE QUALIFIED, and sells them exotic floating-interest only adjustable rate mortgages. Mortgage companies then repackage several sets of hundreds of loans from across the country. The mortgage company then sells this package of thousands of loans to the big investment firms. The firms then merge and repackage these loans into bonds that represent tens of thousands of mortgages across the country. They push these mortgage-backed bonds to the rating agencies (Moody's and S & P) as CDSs, which are then given a rating from Triple-B to Triple-A. These CDSs can now be sold in the market to hedge funds, municipal retirement funds, collegiate holding funds, and international pension funds. The bonds have been repackaged so many times, that even the most savvy investors cannot clearly determine the particulars of the mortgages in each bond. A CDO is even more complicated AND SLEAZY. A CDO is made up of all the lower and lowest rated CDSs. For example, a Triple-B rated CDS is more difficult and expensive to sell, because of its ostensible inherent risk. A CDO basically launders those low rated CDSs. Yes, launders them like a freaking Mafia drug front. So, you take all these poorly rated CDSs, shuffle, and repackage them with other poorly rated CDSs, and suddenly you have a new bond vehicle that receives a new rating from a lowly Triple-B to a stellar Triple-A. Just keep repackaging and reshuffling and eventually you can kluge together a combination of the worst possible double-reverse-negative-amortizing-40-year-floating-post-adjustable-rate-mortgages into an investment vehicle that receives a Triple-A rating and can be sold in the billions to other large investors. Meanwhile, at every step in the laundering process, Goldman Sucks and Merryl Stench and Lehman Fu**ers and the others each take a percentage of the overall value of the bond. These commissions quickly arrive at Carl Sagan's favorite number, billions-and-billions.  So what happens when people begin to default on the underlying mortgages, like they did in the thousands, especially in states like California, Florida and Arizona. AHA!! Nobody, not one intermediate institution believed that mass default was possible. Wall Street was particularly insistent that defaults, at rates that would hurt CDOs, was simply not possible. It had never happened before and all their foolproof analysis proved that that was impossible. The rating agencies too, the gatekeepers in the middle, also ran calculus showing that a bond with tens of thousands of mortgages couldn't default at once. At the most, everyone on Wall Street saw a 5% default rate as the worst possible scenario. And yet, if you dug into the CDOs, you'd discover that most of them were NOT heterogeneous; instead, they were comprised of all the crappy exotic loans made within a few months on the same types of homes to people who couldn't afford them, and they were all going to reset within a few months of each other. But nobody, with all their arrogant and condescending intelligence could know for sure that most exotic loans from 2004 onwards were made to folks who didn't need proof of employment, proof of collateral, or even proof of citizenship. Strippers in Vegas had 5 multimillion dollar homes. Strawberry pickers with $14,000 annual salary were living mortgage free in $750,000 homes. The mortgage rates were beginning to reset ad infinitum in summer of 2007. You know the rest of the story folks. This is a must-read book. And if you'd like to compliment the top-down view with a bottom-up perspective I recommend http://www.goodreads.com/review/show/...The Big Short takes a neat perspective. Michael Lewis, instead of simply documenting the nuclear build-up, reveals Wall Street through the handful of contrarians that were trying to bet against the CDOs. Each of these handful of men have a very odd beginning and has some unusual attribute that led them, either by genius or character flaw, to see that this was the Mother-Of-All-Scams. In 2004, in fact, there wasn't even invented yet a vehicle to short the CDSs and CDOs. The concept of shorting a bond that was deemed un-defaultable was not even considered by Wall Street. All trading instruments (equities, bonds, T-bills) must have a shorting vehicle--that's what balances the price between 'puts' and 'calls,' and provides the institutional brakes on the price of a commodity. Without a shorting vehicle, in essence, CDOs had no down-side jeopardy. The book describes the numbers, the risk-split, and Value of Risk (VaR) that these bonds were given, and they were RIDICULOUS! What's even more galling, when the big investment firms finally invented a CDO 'shorting' instrument, and sold them off in the billions, when the crash finally occurred, the firms couldn't cover the spread. What's that mean? It means that even though the shorts were sitting on a legal transaction, the firms could only pay a percentage, and they could only pay that percentage with government help. That means YOU were on the hook, not only to bailout Wall Street, but to pay off the smart folks who tried to apply the brakes to CDOs.The government bailout is another story entirely, and not covered in depth by The Big Short. But suffice it to say that's it's ugly and controversial enough that it forces me back to my free market position that I almost gave up in second paragraph, first sentence. The government dicked up with the bailouts, and didn't let these BIG SLEAZY, OILY Wall Street investment firms take a bigger hit. And now, 19 April 2010, Goldman Sachs is under SEC investigation for CDO manipulation, while Goldman announced last Thursday that it has allotted $5 point something billion dollars in employee bonuses.I was going to continue this rant and provide my investment advice/philosophy for the next 10-15 years, but I'll spare you. If there's enough people interested, I'll continue in the comments sections. Have a wonderful day.Show more"", ""This book propelled me back to a conversation from the fall of 2005. I was at my son’s junior peewee football game on a warm autumn day talking to some other dads at halftime. The conversation was on how people were refinancing their homes at unheard of values and next to nothing interest rates. The group was a mix of men, some in real estate, a few newly minted mortgage brokers and some others of various professions and income levels. I recall, as the game resumed and the conversation wound down, speculating with one of the guys on what would happen in a couple – three years when these adjustable rates all reset. “Something’s gotta give” I recall saying and he agreed. Nevertheless, these mortgage brokers were raking in more money than the local pot farmers in our Sierra Nevada foothill town and everyone seemed to be getting in on the party. I figured the people on Wall Street fueling this must know what they were doing. Now, after reading The Big Short, I know that the vast majority really didn’t and/or they didn’t care. While I know of Michael Lewis’ work, this was the first of his books that I have read and it certainly will not be my last. The book takes the most arcane financial concepts, terms and people and presents them in an easy to understand (for the most part) and extremely interesting and fast paced manner. This book shed tremendous light on the different people, players, banks, agencies and how the “betting system” worked. I was struck by how the rating firms seemed to be the crux of the whole mess. The book is an excellent account of a crazy time that could have destroyed the US economy. Some would say the jury is still out and we have yet the feel the real ramifications of the bailouts and whole fiasco of 2008. We'll see. It’s interesting that the movie was nominated for 5 academy awards on the same day (January 14, 2016) that Goldman Sachs agreed to a $5 billion fine for their part in this. It is also interesting that no one really seems to care and the Goldman Sachs brand appears to be as strong as ever.Oh yeah, that group of dads from that balmy October afternoon, some lost their homes, others just faded away. One, however, actually went to jail for making predatory loans or something of that nature, I never really knew exactly what the circumstances were but understand he will be released from Federal prison soon. Most of us just kept our heads down and managed through what I hope will be the worst financial crisis of our lifetimes. Only time will tell and The Big Short tells the back-story extraordinarily well.Related, yesterday a NYT opinion piece from Steve Eisman – a main subject in the book –was published on his opinion of the biggest financial issue facing the country in early 2016: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/07/opi...My Star Rating Criteria:1 star – Not for me & gave up reading2 stars – Not for me & likely will not finish3 stars – Solid book that I will finish at some point – probably later.4 stars – Great book that I will finish sooner than later.5 stars – Excellent book that I will modify my schedule to finish ASAP.Show more"", 'I think most are aware of the role subprime mortgages played in the 2007 banking crisis and the resulting worldwide financial crisis that followed in 2008. The subprime market was made up of house purchase loans and secondary (often re-finance) loans which were also secured against the property. This book walks us through the timeline following the rise in the popularity of these loans, how and when they began to get batched together and sold off in packages and the resultant collapse of the market. It also follows a few bright people who had nous to predict the fall of the market and take steps to enrich themselves on the back of it. The first thing that struck me was that some of the terminology – actually much of the terminology – is impenetrable without detailed explanation. In truth, it’s only marginally less unyielding with the explanation! But though the minutia of the story might be a little too intricate for most its fair to say that the central idea is easy enough to grasp. The second thing that grabbed me is that the financial world was replete with people who either didn’t understand what they were doing or were knowingly and maliciously manipulating events to put money in their own pockets. Loans were granted to many people who didn’t have the financial means to keep up payment. These loans in themselves were risky but subsequent loans granted on the presumption that any loss would be covered by the ever increasing value of the property were even less secure. When someone came up with the idea of batching these loans up and selling them on as subprime mortgage bonds it had the effect of protecting the original lender against future default. It’s clear that few people in the investment banks that dealt in such bonds really understood the risks involved. In any case, there was a standing presumption that property values would continue to increase and that defaults would be minimal, so what was there to worry about?On the other side of the equation the few people with the insight to realise that the bubble would have to eventually burst on this market and, crucially, the means to do something about it set about effectively gambling on a market implosion. An instrument called a credit default swap was purchased by a number of hedge funds. These derivatives were structured to pay out huge sums of money if mortgage defaults went beyond, say, 7%. When the implosion came many investment banks went into meltdown as their holdings of subprime mortgage bonds became effectively worthless whereas the holders of credit default swaps made hundreds of millions in profits.It’s an interesting angle on events and it did provide quite a few answers in a way that’s reasonably easy to understand. Worth seeking out if you’re interested in getting further under the skin of an event that’s had such worldwide impact.Show more', ""Lawd. This book took my breath away. I remember what I was doing at several critical moments described in the book and to have been so unaware makes me breathless. I learned things and feel oddly vindicated and cheated at the same time. I knew dumb people were making money with my money: vindicated. I thought some people in the government might be smart enough to realize what happened and know what to do: cheated.Michael Lewis played two roles in writing this book about the subprime loan debacle. One the one hand he did the plebian job of untangling a very messy ball of knotted threads and on the other hand did a herculean job of elevating the discussion above the rock-slinging and shouting to which some angry losers are wont to resort. His characterizations of those involved on both sides of the trades are intimate enough to involve our emotions as well as our interest, but I think what really charmed me was the absurdity of some phrases that matched so perfectly the absurdities he was describing: Inside Morgan Stanley, the subprime lending boom created a who-put-chocolate-in-my-peanut-butter moment. (p.201)Osama and his team of bombers couldn't have done what our own Wall Street firms and their rating agencies and regulators did to the to the U.S. people and to the credibility of the U.S. government:It was as if bombs of differing sizes had been placed in virtually every major financial institution. The fuses had been lit and could not be extinguished. All that remained was to observe the speed of the spark, and the size of the explosions. (p.225)It seems ridiculous for me to urge you to read this book. Don't read it. You'll sleep better. But please don't go investing on Wall Street unless you want your nuts torn off. Show more"", 'The best book on Wall Street months before the recession hit. Its a Wall Street history book. ', 'An extremely well-written account of the 2008 financial collapse. It explained complex ideas like subprime mortgage bonds and CDO\'s in a clear way, and almost read like a fast paced thriller.Essentially it seems that a bad ratings system and human greed created an economy that fostered the creation of a lot of bad debts, that eventually went bad, and caused a lot of big companies to go under (Lehman brothers, Bear Sterns), or require a bailout (Goldman Sachs, AIG). This is the real crime. These big companies were so focused on short term profits that they failed to see that long term what they were doing wasn\'t going to work. They should be appropriately punished for this, and instead many of them were saved by Uncle Sam. Would we have had a worse recession if Obama hadn\'t done that? Maybe. Maybe not. Lewis should write another book about that :)Let me see if I can get this right. The book explains that mortgages are sold by the banks that issue them, passing off the risk. Mortgages are aggregated into groups in mortgage bonds, which are then packaged into tranches, which are rated by agencies such as Moody\'s and S&P\'s. The math was complex, but apparently somehow tranches that consisted almost entirely of ""subprime"" (aka risky) mortgages were being given high A ratings. I guess the theory was that by spreading out the risk across lots of mortgage bonds it lowered the risk. Too bad this didn\'t work. Many of these mortgages were the variety that started 2 year fixed then went floating. They were largely taken out in 2005 - 2006, and as they hit 2 years the interest rates jumped as they went floating, and hoards of people defaulted. This explains why we teetered in 2007 and crashed in 2008. One of my favorite quotes to illustrate the madness:""In Bakersfield, California, a Mexican strawberry picker with an income of $14,000 and no English was lent every penny he needed to buy a house for $724,000.""And it wasn\'t just in Bakersfield. All over the country people were taking out loans that were too big for their britches, because the banks were encouraging it:""The simple measure of sanity in housing prices, Zelman argued, was the ratio of median home price to income. Historically, in the United States, it ran around 3:1; by late 2004, it had risen nationally, to 4:1. “All these people were saying it was nearly as high in some other countries,” says Zelman. “But the problem wasn’t just that it was four to one. In Los Angeles it was ten to one and in Miami, eight-point-five to one.""Economics is about incentives, and this book explained how they went very awry. But it was also a story about greed, and how even unintelligent people made a lot of money by riding the subprime mortgage train. The book followed several investors who noticed what was happening, but when they tried to tell people and test their ""crazy"" hypothesis that the financial world was going to collapse, they were mocked or ignored. So they just ended up shorting (betting against) the whole thing to make some money, which is what a good investor does.""What are the odds that people will make smart decisions about money if they don’t need to make smart decisions—if they can get rich making dumb decisions?""I think the lesson in the end is that if it looks to good to be true, it is. That, and we need smarter people working at the ratings agencies. Show more', ""Michael Lewis turns the 2008 financial meltdown into a compelling narrative about two very smart, very abrasive skeptics who realized the juggernaut Wall Street had created was doomed to self-destruct, and worked out how to cash in big — the big short.Steve Eisman began his career as a corporate lawyer. Eisman was an outspoken curmudgeon. Stupidity bored him. Tact was not one of his gifts. When others spoke it looked like he was sampling rather than listening. It's difficult to imagine how he managed to sit through corporate meetings or deal with clients. At 31 he switched careers and became an equity analyst at Oppenheimer. In December 1991 he wet his feet in the murky waters of the subprime lending world. In September 1997 he issued a prescient and bluntly worded report on publicly traded subprime lenders. The verdict — Sell. By 2002 publicly traded subprime lenders were gone. That opened the door to Act II, Household Finance Corporation's reincarnation as an aggressive home equity lender. The company enticed borrowers with fraudulent low interest rates based on voodoo math. When the company was brought to court it received a fine. Nobody went to jail. HSBC, a British congomerate, acquired HFC in 2002. The only losers were the hapless borrowers. Eisman with his black and white mindset was outraged, and the experience would fuel his subsequent zeal.Eisman was determined to make his analytic gifts pay off. By 2004 he had started his own hedge fund, FrontPoint Partners. He knew he could profit from the debacle unfolding in slow-motion before his eyes. The key was timing.The second protagonist in Lewis' story was an obsessive financial blogger completing his medical internship. His name was Dr. Michael Burry, and he was attracting a lot of attention from savvy, heavy-hitting investors. He, too, realized he needed a career change. In 2000 he founded a hedge fund called Scion Capital. Like Eisman, he discerned the inherent flaw in the logic of the subprime mortgage bond market. Like Eisman, Burry was looking for a way to capitalize on that insight.Lewis follows these two men from 2000 to 2007 along with the rapidly mutating bond market. The narrative reads like a detective novel uncovering a trail of clues. The technique adds a measure of suspense to a story whose ending is already well known. The first clue was the rise of the originate-and-sell business model. Fees and commissions, not the mortgage bond itself, was the profit generator. Lenders needed increased volume not loan quality to feed profits. The same was true for the investment banks buying these bonds and collecting their own commissions. Default risk was the buyer's problem. Sy Jacobs, an analyst who trained at Salomon Brothers, summed up: “Any business where you can sell a product and make money without having to worry how the product performs is going to attract sleazy people.” In that sense, what followed was inevitable. Originators waived documentation, lured borrowers with artifically low teaser rates which would not reset for 2 years, and finally, no money down loans to feed the profit machine. The adjustment, of course, would occur 2 years into the loan when the floating and substantially higher market rate would kick in. Borrowers would be forced to either sell or refinance, an easy decision as long as real estate prices continued to escalate steeply. Who would buy such risky loans? The loans were bundled into huge pools where the risk could be disguised. As a further refinement, the pools were subdivided so that levels designated to absorb the earliest defaults were assigned higher rates of return to compensate for the increased risk. The underlying pitch, however, was: What were the odds that all (or a significant percent) of the borrowers in a given level would default? In the beginning Eisman and Burry were the only ones who reasoned the answer had to be 100%. Other clues emerged. By 2005 75% of subprime loans were made at adjustable teaser rates rather than fixed rates. Housing prices were rising precipitously. However, if that rise merely slowed, a cascade of defaults would be triggered. The median house price to income ratio had risen from the traditional 3:1 to 4:1, but in some markets, such as Los Angeles, the ratio had climbed to an unbelievable 10:1. Eisman and Burry detected yet another clue when they examined the methodology applied by ratings agencies such as Moody's and Standard and Poor. Their examiners looked at the characteristics of an entire pool, not the characteristics of the individual underlying bonds. One metric was the FICO score or credit rating of borrowers. The average FICO for a pool was used for the rating formula. Packagers quickly created pools with a wide range of scores; the result looked exactly like a package whose scores clustered closely around the mean. Moreover, all FICO's were not equal. A Mexican migrant worker who spoke no English and who had no assets but had never borrowed could have the same high FICO as an affluent borrower with plenty of assets and disposable income. In his inimitable way, Lewis summarizes: “The Mexican harvested strawberries; Wall Street harvested his FICO score.” After learning all of this, Eisman and Burry realized that a triple A rated slice of the pool was no less risky that the worst slice of the worst pool.Act III of this drama introduced Greg Lippman, a bond salesman employed by Deutsche Bank. People described Lippman as over-the-top: Loud, self-aggrandizing, self-confident, brash. Such chutzpah... and such a long long list of contacts. Lippman was the mobilizer, the catalyst. The insurance giant AIG had figured out a way to enter the lucrative mortgage market, now morphed into the synthetic subprime mortgage bond-backed collateralized debt obligation. Too much of a mouthful? How about the CDO. Certain the bond pools were safe, AIG began to sell bond insurance, a conventional instrument for hedging. The insurance was not called insurance but rather a credit default swap. Lippman also began to look into the bond market and discovered the flaw. To him, the swaps were a bonanza. It was the vehicle he and his customers needed to short the bond market and he began talking to anyone who would listen. Anyone within AIG who suspected the ugly reality was quickly silenced by AIG Financial Products division head Joe Cassano. By the time AIG woke up it was like closing the barn door after the cattle have escaped.Lewis deftly reduces what are ultimately complex legal contracts and accounting strategies into terms understandable to the ordinary person. He strips away the ambiguities of Wall Street “market speak.” A collateralized debt obligation was actually the smoke and mirrors backed subprime bond. The bonds weren't even classed as mortgage bonds but as “asset-backed securities” like car loans, student loans and credit card debt. Mobile homes were termed “manufactured housing,” certainly a more stable sounding proposition for the unwary investor. Defaults were referred to as “involuntary payments.” The bottom or riskiest tranche wasn't called the basement; it was a mezzanine tranche. With this lexicon it is no wonder that bond buyers were befuddled and Wall Street started to believe its own lies.Lewis never underplays the role of luck or the degree of risk in his account. Eisman and Burry did the meticulous grueling analysis that led to the right answers, but the market does not always reward those who are right. They were placing their bets in 2005 but the collapse did not begin until 2007. In the interim they were obligated to pay out huge sums in premiums and collateral. Their backers became alarmed at the short-term negative returns. Paradoxically, bond prices kept rising even as the bad news started to surface. The bond prices did not begin to fall uninterrupted until June 2007. By 2008 those on the short end of the bet had yet one more worry. The entire financial system could collapse and their creditors could declare bankruptcy. If that happened theirs would be a pyrrhic victory. Those looking for a precise chronology of events or a nuanced quantitative narrative should look elsewhere. This is a riveting story about institutional greed and driven by colorful characters who say and do shocking things. The amounts of money involved are not millions but billions. Lewis draws from emails, letters, interviews and conversations and provides a context filled with striking metaphors and surprising drama.NOTE:The film based on Lewis' book is scheduled for release on December 23, 2015Show more"", 'Achievement unlocked: I finally understand what the term ""shorting"" actually means. Lewis provides a thorough and interesting take on the financial crisis, and now I think I finally begin to understand what caused the world economy to tank. As Lewis notes, there was plenty of greed to go around, but it was the criminal irresponsibility of the bankers, the investors, the bond traders, that really created the opportunity for such large-scale corruption. I found this book particularly difficult because of my own fears of debt. My personality tends towards ""control freak"" and I find the idea of being in debt utterly terrifying. I have lived in suburbia for over five years without owning a car, commuting everywhere by bicycle, partly because the amount of money involved in buying a car simply scares me. Just thinking about the national debt makes my heart race. As a kid, I remember hearing my parents talk about variable-rate mortgages and the way that banks were using them to trick credulous and innocent buyers, but it was hard to see what banks could get out of selling homes to people who couldn\'t afford them. Now I understand: the homes were secondary to the CDOs that could be constructed from the loans. I find the story of the shadow banking system playing with peoples\' lives and hopes this way, tempting them into a lifestyle beyond their means, utterly disgusting. Sure, you could say people should know better, but that\'s not sufficient and it\'s not fair. As Lewis notes, the incentives for everyone involved, from the homeowners to the bonds salesmen to the regulators, were simply all wrong. And they\'re still all wrong.The one issue I\'m left with is Lewis\'s take on his protagonists, a group of men who all ""shorted"" the sub-prime market industry. He treats them as heroes, as isolated voices of sanity in an increasingly insane world. But if they hadn\'t acted as buyers for sub-prime market insurance, there couldn\'t have been sellers, either. They ended up earning billions of dollars, and this type of finance is a zero-sum game. Their gains meant the losses of the sellers, and, ultimately, the American taxpayers. Sure, they didn\'t do anything strictly unethical, and sure, several of them apparently attempted to shut down the industry. But in the end, when they couldn\'t get anyone to listen, they settled for exploitation. And because they didn\'t turn around and, say, donate all that money to the ultimate victims of the sharks of Wall Street, I find it hard to see that choice as heroic.If you, like me, are a financial dunce but still want to understand what on earth caused our economy to fail, I heartily recommend The Big Short. It may leave you disgusted with every person even tangentially involved with Wall Street and the shadow banking system, but at least you\'ll have a clue about how they took down our economy, and how they\'re probably going to do it all over again.By the way: Dr. Michael Burry, the most intriguing and savvy character in the book, believes we\'re in for another bust. And I believe him.Show more', 'I try not to read books too quickly; for me, ""pageturner"" is not a good thing. The text should be digested, not only by the conscious mind, but by the subconscious as well, to get the most out of it (even in fiction, but especially in nonfiction). So I am a little regretful that I read this book as quickly as I did; this is an important (and subtle) topic, and I want to attempt to get as much out of it as I can. But I admit, Michael Lewis is a heck of a storyteller.The short-hand version of ""what caused the 2008 Fiscal Crisis"" that most people know is, ""the banks got greedy and loaned money to people to buy houses, even though they knew that they couldn\'t afford those houses; then the banks blew up, and the Feds rescued them with our money"". Up to a point, it is basically correct. But, the problem with this story is that it more or less assumes the problem which caused the Fiscal Crisis was, that bankers were greedy. But, they are always greedy, they were at least as greedy in the past as they were in the naughties. It\'s like answering the question ""why did it rain today?"" with, ""because there was moisture in the air"", but not mentioning anything about a change in temperature or pressure. It\'s not so much that it\'s incorrect, as that it\'s irrelevant, because it has always been true. The banks (by which we really mean ""financial firms"") did not get greedier than they were before; they were always greedy. What happened was that their methods for satisfying their greed became more complex, until even they were not competent to know what was really going on.Part of the problem, I think, is that even capitalism\'s opponents want to imagine the billionaire\'s club as being full of smart people. Vicious, but not clueless. This probably has something to do with the need for a good story. A good story requires a good villain, and a good villain has to know what they\'re doing. If the villain is simply too confused, clueless, or otherwise incompetent to realize what they\'re doing, it does not make for an heroic tale, even if the villain is also evil and greedy. The hero who defeats a villain that was out of their depth anyway, is not so heroic. Even more tragic, if the villain that is out of their depth never even gets defeated.But in the end, this is the real lesson (still mostly unlearned) which one should take from the Fiscal Crisis: the people running the show, don\'t really know what\'s going on. The higher up you go, the less likely it is that they understand. The only people in this story who could see clearly that, beneath all of the layers of complexity in the financial instruments involved, what was really going on was ""lending money to people to buy houses at prices they cannot possibly afford, then reselling those loans in fantastically complex ways,"" were people who were at the fringes of the industry. The closer the person was to being an ""insider"", the more one is reminded of the saying by Upton Sinclair: “It is difficult to get a man to understand something, when his salary depends upon his not understanding it!”There is, as with the movie ""Titanic"", a certain building tension to the story from the fact that we know the end already from before we start watching. We know, while the various protagonists of Lewis\' story are getting vilified, ridiculed, and ostracized for saying that the sky is falling, that they will be proven correct in abundance by the end of the tale. Unlike the movie romance of a rich young woman and a fashionable but poor young man who pick the wrong trans-Atlantic crossing, we also get sentences like this: ""Here was another bizarre fact about CDOs: Often they simply repackaged tranches of other CDOs, presumably those tranches their Wall Street creators had found difficult to sell. Even more amazing was their circularity: CDO ""A"" would contain a piece of CDO ""B""; CDO ""B"" would contain a piece of CDO ""C""; and CDO ""C"" would contain a piece of CDO ""A""! Looking for bad bonds inside a CDO was like fishing for crap in a Port-O-Let: The question wasn\'t whether you\'d catch some but how quickly you\'d be satisfied you\'d caught enough.""To his enormous credit, Michael Lewis manages to make a book about some of the most (deliberately) arcane and obscure financial instruments imaginable, eminently readable and even exciting. The reason, no doubt, is in part that we know why all of this baroque banking detail matters: it is going to tear down the economy and create the worst spike in unemployment since the Great Depression.But there was another ominous strain running through the back of my mind as I read this book: has any of this really been fixed? Granted, house prices corrected in a big way for a few years, and thus came back down within reach of the people who were supposed to be making the mortgage payments. But at one point in the book it is mentioned that the historical norm for the ratio of median household income, to median house price, is 1:3, and it was a sign of problems ahead when it had moved to 1:4. Looking up the numbers for Austin in 2021, I found the current ratio to be 1:5.75. Well I did a bit of quick research, and while the exact ratio seems a bit different than what is listed in the book (it might depend on whether you are using median income, or median household income, etc.), but the overall trend is pretty clearly back in 2005 territory:https://www.longtermtrends.net/home-p...I am quite certain that I have not truly digested all that I should from ""The Big Short""; I may have to revisit it. But the real answer to ""what caused the Fiscal Crisis?"" seems to be, ""what is it you thought would prevent it?"" There is nothing in our system to prevent the financial sector from loaning money to people who cannot repay it, as long as they process the loans in very complex ways. If it appears to pay off in the short-term, it will be copied massively in short order. Like printing money up until hyperinflation, or a Ponzi scheme which appears to be working great up until the moment it doesn\'t, this is not a problem which fixes itself. It certainly cannot be fixed by hoping for less greedy financiers. Any system which relies upon people who choose a career handling money, to not be greedy, is a broken system. We have a broken system. We have done nothing to fix it. Why not? In large part, because there is almost no one left any more, who understands how it works well enough to do so.""What has happened before will happen again. What has been done before will be done again. There is nothing new in the whole world. \'Look,\' they say, \'here is something new!\' But no, it has all happened before, long before we were born."" - Ecclesiastes 1:9-10Show more', 'This is the best description so far of the inside story about the sub-prime mortgage crisis. Reading this book is like riding a time machine back a couple years, walking into the Wall Street offices and asking them, ""What in the world were you thinking?"" The story is told from the view point of several investors who were betting against the sub-prime mortgage industry. But there were so few other people who saw it their way that they kept second guessing their position because they couldn\'t understand why so few other people agreed with them. It\'s apparent that the vast majority of ""experts"" were totally oblivious to impending doom. The book tells of one individual who visits numerous investment companies trying to get them to bet against the sub-prime mortgage industry, but almost nobody was willing to believe him. He even had a complete power point presentation explaining how buying credit default swaps (betting against sub-prime mortgages) was a virtual sure thing. Still, he convinced few people.The book also tells of the owner of an investment company that shorted the home mortgage business, and the investors in his company wanted their money back. They thought he was crazy to bet against house prices continuing to go up. He refused to give their money back because he was highly leveraged and would experience large losses if he gave their money back. So the investors sued him. In the midst of this rancor the housing market collapsed and suddenly their investments increased 70 fold. In other words, a million dollar investment was suddenly worth 70 million. His investors had gone from a position of asking for a big loss to a position of receiving a tremendous gain. After it was over, not one of his investors apologized, said thank you, or said ""You were right and I was wrong."" The narrative of the book is structured to build suspense in the mind of the reader even though we all know what happens in the end. Michael Lewis did a good job writing this book. In the end he sums up by speculating why so many smart people were so stupid. It can be blamed on incentives and shedding of risks.Show more', ""The Big Short. Remember that movie? We all should, and never forget... If you're like me, and don't know anything about the Wall Street high finance, but just kind of suspect that it's all bullshit and nobody really knows what they are doing, then this is the book for you! The 2007-2008 financial crisis was one of the most important historical events of the young 21st century. It wasn't even that long ago, and already we've mostly forgotten. Whether or not you're the type to have strong political opinions, on this it's just too complicated for most of us to care about. Luckily, Michael Lewis has penned this fascinatingly entertaining book. A book which is in no way a dull summation of mortgage fraud, although you'll definitely learn a lot about CDOs and the culture which nearly destroyed the entire system. But really, this is a book about people. And that's the brilliance of it. An engaging tome about those who were smart enough to predict what in retrospect should have been obvious all along. This is the best way to learn, by hearing it from the true experts themselves who are fascinating characters in their own right. That is why The Big Short is the best book for learning about all these things, because of Lewis' excellent writing readers will care on a deeper level. (However, if you've watched the film first you may be a bit confused by how the film changed most of the names of these real people. Another reason why reading is ultimately superior to watching movies, if one truly wants to be educated, right?) Sadly, upon finishing this you may be left with much pessimism. It doesn't seem that Wall Street and the government have learned any lessons at all from this catastrophe and we are doomed to repeat it all over again very soon. Seriously, think about who is in charge now and shudder. Well, should make for a good sequel soon enough ~Show more"", '“The line between gambling and investing is artificial and thin.” The story behind the 2007/8 financial crisis, as told by Michael Lewis in The Big Short is so outrageous it is at times hard to believe it is true. The detail with which Lewis dissects the mechanics of the mortgage crisis, is at once fascinating and horrifying. It makes clear exactly how real this story is. Built on greed, lies, and a healthy dose of wilful ignorance, this is a story that has to be read to be believed, and should be read to be understood by everyone taking on debt in our capitalist economy.Show more', ""This was a really captivating read. It's a good intro to what occurred in 2008 and who were involved that led up to the failure of the banks. Makes one really wonder how oblivious they all were to their impact to the general population. Banks are pretty soulless and detached from reality."", '2020-06-24 - I keep coming back to this book, the movie and the far better book by John Allison mentioned below, because the subject keeps popping up.But after about three years of pondering all three, I am convinced more than ever that Lewis is fundamentally dishonest, and dangerous, since he is such a good writer. He has obfuscated and misrepresented the basic causes of the 2008 Financial Crash with a pandering to his anti-capitalist tropes. He focuses on ""greed"" of course, for his explanation for how the financial bubble was created by all the evil &/or stupid people on wall street and how just a few (prescient off Wall St. investors/speculators) benefited from it. His total ignorance or dismissal of all the government programs, policies, tax breaks, cozy deals, etc. etc. is just unconscionable.The one really great thing about the book and movie was the portrayal of the search for truth and incredible courage of convictions against massive pressures by several speculators/investors, who reaped big rewards by betting against the prevailing bubble craze. The movie in particular very dramatically showed how difficult that bet was in terms of lost customers/investors, short term losses, and incredible pressures to give up on one\'s own judgement and bet. Because of the very impressive prose and this, I have upped my rating to 2 stars, but only for that reason. I still urge anyone who has ANY concern for the truth about this big issue to check out Allison\'s book in addition to this one, to judge for themselves.2 Aug. 2017 - am starting this again for several reasons.Have to grit my teeth an awful lot though, due to the anti-capitalist bias, lack of basic understanding of economics, Lewis\'s interest in making some people, organizations and industries look bad, and totally mischaracterizing the real nature and history of government regulator activity, motivations and constraints.Am also reading John Allison\'s The Financial Crisis in tandem with listening to this, and the contrast is amazing. You can follow my account of both here: https://www.goodreads.com/review/show...But just to give you a flavor:Allison uncovers all the various causes to the 2008 Financial CrisisThe Federal Reserve Board\'s easy money policy, pumping billions of dollars into the economy and keeping interest rates artificially low, then incredibly raising the rates way higher and faster than anything a free market would perpetrate. Plus their failure to regulate the things they were committed by law to watch.The FDIC\'s long history of increasingly corrosive policies which subsidized bad behavior, socializing it, wearing down the incentives for bankers to be prudent, thrifty and watch out for customers\' (depositors\') interests. The same policies created the complementary problem of weaning investors/savers off of the need to pay any attention to the safety and security of the banks they were depositing in. When your deposits are insured, why pay any attention to the safety of the particular banks?The SEC\'s focus on Sarbanes-Oxley regulations, which added huge additional costs on banks and other public corporations, but actually took away from the natural need and desire of market participants to pay attention to real safety and prudent investment risk issues.One of the very biggest government policies to affect the financial situation, spurred on the bad behavior and which created false signals was the change in WHO paid the fees of the bond rating agencies. Previous to the government mandate for the switch, the fees were paid by the bond BUYERS, the people who needed the most accurate and trustworthy info. But the government changed that to have the bond ISSUERS paying the raters. How is that for a conflict of interest? In addition, the government limited the number of rating agencies to only three, a nice little oligopoly, so bad behavior had a tougher time being exposed and countered. Guess what happened?Allison reveals many, many more gems, from his very ""inside baseball"" yet easy and clear to understand perspective. DON\'T miss his book, if you have any interest in this subject at all, or want to know just which of the many key points Lewis missed.-----------------My review from June 2014:This book is wildly misleading.The author has a sensationalist bent that is not touched by any significant exposure to basic economics.He\'s great at labelling people jerks, liars, cheats, etc. but he just does not know what some people legitimately need or desire and can learn from, when they experience bad deals and better deals.In other words, he thinks he knows better than most everyone else and wants the government regulators to be something they just can\'t be. He sees some of the flaws of Wall St. and some of the flaws of the government regulators, but almost none of the benefits of Wall St. and wants the regulators to do something they just can\'t do in the real world.I only listened to most of the first disc, since the style and lessons from the CD are so awful, unrealistic, and part of the problem. (I laer finished the whole thing.)When I heard that one of the main characters ""the only socialist on Wall Street"" (Steve Eisman) in addition to being basically a crook, due to misleading people about the soundness of investments, was the author\'s favorite person, that about summed up Lewis\' morality.Show more', 'In The Big Short, Michael Lewis outlines the causes of the housing crisis (which led to the larger Financial Crisis of 2007-2010), and tells the story of three small investment companies (basically four different investors) who saw it coming, bet against it, and made millions of dollars in the process. I really enjoyed reading about these individuals who foresaw the coming doom. Great human interest stories.I think one of the greatest take-away learnings for me is the explanation why nannies who lived in Queens (or really why anyone was liberally offered a loan he/she couldn\'t afford) were loaned enough money to buy five townhomes (that really happened). For quite some time, Wall Street has packaged corporate loans and sold them as low-risk bonds, low-risk because the corporations were so diversified. Some genius on Wall Street decided that packaging sub-prime loans and selling them off as bonds would be a great idea and assumed they were low-risk simply because they were coming from people all around the country rather than one specific geographical area. Because the big banks on Wall Street were selling off the risk of all the horrible loans they were making (and making oodles of money as they were selling the bonds), they wanted more and more raw material (loans) to sell as bonds. This explains why people were able to get loans they could never afford, which increased the demand for housing and increased housing prices so drastically. One line I remember particularly from the book is that many of these people were ""one broken refrigerator away from defaulting on their loan"". Once the ""teaser rates"" on these loans expired, about two years after the loans were made, people began defaulting on the loans en masse, and the housing crisis was born. What is absolutely astonishing is that so few people saw it coming (according to the author). Many of the risk models used on Wall Street didn\'t even have a way to value what would happen if housing prices went down. They all assumed housing prices would always go up and up and up. And the rating agencies that rated the bonds were absolutely clueless. It instills all kinds of confidence in the financial system (hope you\'re picking up the sarcasm).And probably the greatest lesson of the book is the power of incentives. When people on Wall Street can engulf their companies in flames and still walk away pocketing millions of dollars that year, there is definitely an incentive problem. Why behave responsibly with other people\'s money if you can get rich regardless of the outcome?Oh, and for my friends who would like to know, there is some strong language sprinkled quite liberally throughout the book, thanks to quotes from the investors in the book.Show more', 'Un fantástico libro sobre la crisis que se originó en 2007 con las hipotecas subprime. Te cuenta exactamente como se ha llegado a la actual situación económica y qué papel jugaron los bancos en la crisis. Michael Lewis aborda un aspecto de la crisis: los que supieron preverla y actuaron en consecuencia, realizando inversiones “a corto” antes del estallido. Los retratos de los personajes son atractivos y novedosos, porque sus nombres no son muy conocidos. Los productos financieros y las operaciones en que se tradujo esta apuesta son complejos, y el libro en ocasiones se enreda en su naturaleza y funcionamiento, pero esto no es lo más importante que se puede objetarle. Al final, en efecto, se entenderá más o menos bien de qué se trata:  es como si yo compro un seguro contra el incendio de su casa; esto parece absurdo, salvo que yo sepa o sospeche que su casa se va a incendiar, en cuyo caso cobraré el dinero o le venderé a usted el seguro a un precio altísimo, pero que usted pagará cuando vea las llamas. Excelente reflejo de los factores que originaron la crisis, un Banco Central ausente y unos incentivos perversos en los que las empresas no ganaban dinero cuando lo hacían sus clientes. Las posiciones cortas hicieron saltar esa gran mentira. Es indispensable para entender la crisis hipotecaria del 2008. Después de leerlo no entenderás porque la cárcel sigue sin recibir a todos estos banqueros y políticos inmorales.Show more', ""Happy thought for the day:At least I don't have to include a stint as an analyst for Moody's or Standard & Poor's to my list of professional shortcomings. ""]"
432,We Were Liars,"A beautiful and distinguished family.A private island.A brilliant, damaged girl; a passionate, political boy.A group of four friends—the Liars—whose friendship turns destructive.A revolution. An accident. A secret.Lies upon lies.True love.The truth. We Were Liars is a modern, sophisticated suspense novel from New York Times bestselling author, National Book Award finalist, and Printz Award honoree E. Lockhart. Read it.And if anyone asks you how it ends, just LIE.",2014,E. Lockhart,97187,1002925,242,Young Adult,3.71,[]
433,The House of the Scorpion,"With undertones of vampires, Frankenstein, dragons' hoards, and killing fields, Matt's story turns out to be an inspiring tale of friendship, survival, hope, and transcendence. A must-read for teenage fantasy fans.At his coming-of-age party, Matteo Alacrán asks El Patrón's bodyguard, ""How old am I?...I know I don't have a birthday like humans, but I was born."" ""You were harvested,"" Tam Lin reminds him. ""You were grown in that poor cow for nine months and then you were cut out of her."" To most people around him, Matt is not a boy, but a beast. A room full of chicken litter with roaches for friends and old chicken bones for toys is considered good enough for him. But for El Patrón, lord of a country called Opium—a strip of poppy fields lying between the U.S. and what was once called Mexico—Matt is a guarantee of eternal life. El Patrón loves Matt as he loves himself for Matt is himself. They share identical DNA.",2002,Nancy Farmer,6986,88948,380,Young Adult,4.08,[]
434,Shadow and Bone,"▶ 
Alternative Cover Edition #1
Surrounded by enemies, the once-great nation of Ravka has been torn in two by the Shadow Fold, a swath of near impenetrable darkness crawling with monsters who feast on human flesh. Now its fate may rest on the shoulders of one lonely refugee.Alina Starkov has never been good at anything. But when her regiment is attacked on the Fold and her best friend is brutally injured, Alina reveals a dormant power that saves his life—a power that could be the key to setting her war-ravaged country free. Wrenched from everything she knows, Alina is whisked away to the royal court to be trained as a member of the Grisha, the magical elite led by the mysterious Darkling.Yet nothing in this lavish world is what it seems. With darkness looming and an entire kingdom depending on her untamed power, Alina will have to confront the secrets of the Grisha . . . and the secrets of her heart.",2012,Leigh Bardugo,74821,834268,358,Fantasy,3.95,[]
435,Doctor Sleep,"Stephen King returns to the characters and territory of one of his most popular novels ever, The Shining, in this instantly riveting novel about the now middle-aged Dan Torrance (the boy protagonist of The Shining) and the very special 12-year-old girl he must save from a tribe of murderous paranormals.On highways across America, a tribe of people called The True Knot travel in search of sustenance. They look harmless - mostly old, lots of polyester, and married to their RVs. But as Dan Torrance knows, and spunky 12-year-old Abra Stone learns, The True Knot are quasi-immortal, living off the ""steam"" that children with the ""shining"" produce when they are slowly tortured to death.Haunted by the inhabitants of the Overlook Hotel where he spent one horrific childhood year, Dan has been drifting for decades, desperate to shed his father's legacy of despair, alcoholism, and violence. Finally, he settles in a New Hampshire town, an AA community that sustains him, and a job at a nursing home where his remnant ""shining"" power provides the crucial final comfort to the dying. Aided by a prescient cat, he becomes ""Doctor Sleep.""Then Dan meets the evanescent Abra Stone, and it is her spectacular gift, the brightest shining ever seen, that reignites Dan's own demons and summons him to a battle for Abra's soul and survival. This is an epic war between good and evil, a gory, glorious story that will thrill the millions of hyper-devoted fans of The Shining and wildly satisfy anyone new to the territory of this icon in the King canon.",2013,Stephen King,22087,240649,531,Horror,4.12,[]
436,Something Borrowed,"Something Borrowed tells the story of Rachel, a young attorney living and working in Manhattan. Rachel has always been the consummate good girl—until her thirtieth birthday, when her best friend, Darcy, throws her a party. That night, after too many drinks, Rachel ends up in bed with Darcy's fiancé. Although she wakes up determined to put the one-night fling behind her, Rachel is horrified to discover that she has genuine feelings for the one guy she should run from. As the September wedding date nears, Rachel knows she has to make a choice. In doing so, she discovers that the lines between right and wrong can be blurry, endings aren't always neat, and sometimes you have to risk all to win true happiness. Something Borrowed is a phenomenal debut novel that will have you laughing, crying, and calling your best friend.",2004,Emily Giffin,13374,558273,336,Chick Lit,3.87,[]
437,Garden Spells,"In a garden surrounded by a tall fence, tucked away behind a small, quiet house in an even smaller town, is an apple tree that is rumored to bear a very special sort of fruit. In this luminous debut novel, Sarah Addison Allen tells the story of that enchanted tree, and the extraordinary people who tend it.…The Waverleys have always been a curious family, endowed with peculiar gifts that make them outsiders even in their hometown of Bascom, North Carolina. Even their garden has a reputation, famous for its feisty apple tree that bears prophetic fruit, and its edible flowers, imbued with special powers. Generations of Waverleys tended this garden. Their history was in the soil. But so were their futures.A successful caterer, Claire Waverley prepares dishes made with her mystical plants—from the nasturtiums that aid in keeping secrets and the pansies that make children thoughtful, to the snapdragons intended to discourage the attentions of her amorous neighbor. Meanwhile, her elderly cousin, Evanelle, is known for distributing unexpected gifts whose uses become uncannily clear. They are the last of the Waverleys—except for Claire’s rebellious sister, Sydney, who fled Bascom the moment she could, abandoning Claire, as their own mother had years before.When Sydney suddenly returns home with a young daughter of her own, Claire’s quiet life is turned upside down—along with the protective boundary she has so carefully constructed around her heart. Together again in the house they grew up in, Sydney takes stock of all she left behind, as Claire struggles to heal the wounds of the past. And soon the sisters realize they must deal with their common legacy—if they are ever to feel at home in Bascom—or with each other.Enchanting and heartfelt, this captivating novel is sure to cast a spell with a style all its own….",2007,Sarah Addison Allen,10900,95810,290,Fiction,4.06,[]
438,The Golden Lily,"Sydney Sage is an Alchemist, one of a group of humans who dabble in magic and serve to bridge the worlds of humans and vampires. Alchemists protect vampire secrets - and human lives.Sydney would love to go to college, but instead, she's been sent into hiding at a posh boarding school in Palm Springs, California - tasked with protecting Moroi princess Jill Dragomir from assassins who want to throw the Moroi court into civil war. Formerly in disgrace, Sydney is now praised for her loyalty and obedience, and held up as the model of an exemplary Alchemist.But the closer she grows to Jill, Eddie, and especially Adrian, the more she finds herself questioning her age-old Alchemist beliefs, her idea of family, and her sense of what it means to truly belong. Her world becomes even more complicated when magical experiments show Sydney may hold the key to prevent becoming Strigoi - the fiercest vampires, the ones who don't die. But it's her fear of being just that - special, magical, powerful - that scares her more than anything. Equally daunting is her new romance with Braydon, a cute, brainy guy who seems to be her match in every way. Yet, as perfect as he seems, Sydney finds herself being drawn to someone else - someone forbidden to her.When a shocking secret threatens to tear the vampire world apart, Sydney's loyalties are suddenly tested more than ever before. She wonders how she's supposed to strike a balance between the principles and dogmas she's been taught, and what her instincts are now telling her.Should she trust the Alchemists - or her heart?",2012,Richelle Mead,6755,115760,418,Young Adult,4.31,[]
439,The Art of Fielding,"At Westish College, a small school on the shore of Lake Michigan, baseball star Henry Skrimshander seems destined for big league stardom. But when a routine throw goes disastrously off course, the fates of five people are upended. Henry's fight against self-doubt threatens to ruin his future. College president Guert Affenlight, a longtime bachelor, has fallen unexpectedly and helplessly in love. Owen Dunne, Henry's gay roommate and teammate, becomes caught up in a dangerous affair. Mike Schwartz, the Harpooners' team captain and Henry's best friend, realizes he has guided Henry's career at the expense of his own. And Pella Affenlight, Guert's daughter, returns to Westish after escaping an ill-fated marriage, determined to start a new life. As the season counts down to its climactic final game, these five are forced to confront their deepest hopes, anxieties, and secrets. In the process they forge new bonds, and help one another find their true paths. Written with boundless intelligence and filled with the tenderness of youth, The Art of Fielding is an expansive, warmhearted novel about ambition and its limits, about family and friendship and love, and about commitment - to oneself and to others.",2011,Chad Harbach,10600,111128,512,Fiction,3.98,[]
440,The 5th Wave,"After the 1st wave, only darkness remains. After the 2nd, only the lucky escape. And after the 3rd, only the unlucky survive. After the 4th wave, only one rule applies: trust no one.Now, it's the dawn of the 5th wave, and on a lonely stretch of highway, Cassie runs from Them. The beings who only look human, who roam the countryside killing anyone they see. Who have scattered Earth's last survivors. To stay alone is to stay alive, Cassie believes, until she meets Evan Walker. Beguiling and mysterious, Evan Walker may be Cassie's only hope for rescuing her brother-or even saving herself. But Cassie must choose: between trust and despair, between defiance and surrender, between life and death. To give up or to get up.",2013,Rick Yancey,31104,440191,457,Young Adult,4.02,[]
441,Girl in Translation,"Introducing a fresh, exciting Chinese-American voice, an inspiring debut about an immigrant girl forced to choose between two worlds and two futures.When Kimberly Chang and her mother emigrate from Hong Kong to Brooklyn squalor, she quickly begins a secret double life: exceptional schoolgirl during the day, Chinatown sweatshop worker in the evenings. Disguising the more difficult truths of her life like the staggering degree of her poverty, the weight of her family’s future resting on her shoulders, or her secret love for a factory boy who shares none of her talent or ambition. Kimberly learns to constantly translate not just her language but herself back and forth between the worlds she straddles.Through Kimberly’s story, author Jean Kwok, who also emigrated from Hong Kong as a young girl, brings to the page the lives of countless immigrants who are caught between the pressure to succeed in America, their duty to their family, and their own personal desires, exposing a world that we rarely hear about. Written in an indelible voice that dramatizes the tensions of an immigrant girl growing up between two cultures, surrounded by a language and world only half understood, Girl in Translation is an unforgettable and classic novel of an American immigrant-a moving tale of hardship and triumph, heartbreak and love, and all that gets lost in translation.",2010,Jean Kwok,6214,54066,290,Fiction,3.98,[]
442,The Luminaries,"It is 1866, and young Walter Moody has come to make his fortune upon the New Zealand goldfields. On the stormy night of his arrival, he stumbles across a tense gathering of twelve local men who have met in secret to discuss a series of unexplained events: A wealthy man has vanished, a prostitute has tried to end her life, and an enormous fortune has been discovered in the home of a luckless drunk. Moody is soon drawn into the mystery: a network of fates and fortunes that is as complex and exquisitely ornate as the night sky. Richly evoking a mid-nineteenth-century world of shipping, banking, and gold rush boom and bust, The Luminaries is a brilliantly constructed, fiendishly clever ghost story and a gripping page-turner.",2013,Eleanor Catton,8894,76363,848,Fiction,3.73,[]
443,"Full Dark, No Stars","""I believe there is another man inside every man, a stranger..."" writes Wilfred Leland James in the early pages of the riveting confession that makes up ""1922."" the first in this pitch-black quartet of mesmerizing tales from Stephen King. For James, that stranger is awakened when his wife, Arlette, proposes selling off the family homestead and moving to Omaha, setting in motion a gruesome train of murder and madness. In ""Big Driver,"" a cozy-mystery writer named Tess encounters the stranger along a back road in Massachusetts when she takes a shortcut home after a book-club engagement. Violated and left for dead, Tess plots a revenge that will bring her face-to-face with another stranger: the one inside herself. ""Fair Extension,"" the shortest of these tales, is perhaps the nastiest and certainly the funniest. Making a deal with the devil not only saves Dave Streeter from a fatal cancer but provides rich recompense for a lifetime of resentment. When her husband of more than twenty years is away on one of his business trips, Darcy Anderson looks for batteries in the garage. Her toe knocks up against a box under a worktable and she discovers the stranger inside her husband. It's a horrifying discovery, rendered with bristling intensity, and it definitely ends a good marriage. Like Different Seasons and Four Past Midnight, which generated such enduring films as The Shawshank Redemption and Stand By Me, Full Dark, No Stars proves Stephen King a master of the long story form.(front flap)Contains:1922Big DriverA Fair ExtensionA Good Marriage",2011,Stephen King,7300,104302,368,Horror,4.07,[]
444,The Ghost Map,"From Steven Johnson, the dynamic thinker routinely compared to James Gleick, Dava Sobel, and Malcolm Gladwell, The Ghost Map is a riveting page-turner about a real-life historical hero, Dr. John Snow. It's the summer of 1854, and London is just emerging as one of the first modern cities in the world. But lacking the infrastructure—garbage removal, clean water, sewers—necessary to support its rapidly expanding population, the city has become the perfect breeding ground for a terrifying disease no one knows how to cure. As the cholera outbreak takes hold, a physician and a local curate are spurred to action—and ultimately solve the most pressing medical riddle of their time. In a triumph of multidisciplinary thinking, Johnson illuminates the intertwined histories and inter-connectedness of the spread of disease, contagion theory, the rise of cities, and the nature of scientific inquiry, offering both a riveting history and a powerful explanation of how it has shaped the world we live in.",2006,Steven Johnson,4601,50156,299,History,3.89,[]
445,Percy Jackson and the Olympians,"Humans and half-bloods agree—Percy Jackson and the Olympians is a series fit for heroes! Relive the adventure from the beginning with this boxed set of the first three books with glorious new cover art by John Rocco.
The Lightning Thief
Percy Jackson is a good kid, but he can't seem to focus on his schoolwork or control his temper. When his mom tells him the truth about where he came from, she takes him to the one place he'll be safe—Camp Half-Blood, a summer camp for demigods (on Long Island). There, Percy learns that the father he never knew is actually Poseidon, God of the Sea. Soon Percy finds himself caught up in a mystery that could lead to disastrous consequences. Together with his friends—a satyr and another the demigod daughter of Athena—Percy sets out on a quest to reach the gates of the Underworld (located in a recording studio in Hollywood) and prevent a catastrophic war between the gods.
The Sea of Monsters
After a summer spent trying to prevent a catastrophic war among the Greek gods, Percy Jackson finds his seventh-grade school year unnervingly calm. But things don't stay quiet for long. Percy soon discovers there is trouble at Camp Half-Blood: the magical borders which protect Half-Blood Hill have been poisoned by a mysterious enemy, and the only safe haven for demigods is on the verge of being overrun by mythological monsters. To save the camp, Percy needs the help of his best friend, Grover, who has been taken prisoner by the Cyclops Polyphemus on an island somewhere in the Sea of Monsters—the dangerous waters Greek heroes have sailed for millennia—only today, the Sea of Monsters goes by a new name: the Bermuda Triangle. Now Percy and his friends must retrieve the Golden Fleece from the Island of the Cyclops by the end of the summer or Camp Half-Blood will be destroyed. But first, Percy will learn a stunning new secret about his family—one that makes him question whether being claimed as Poseidon's son is an honor or simply a cruel joke…
The Titan's Curse
When Percy Jackson receives a distress call from his friend Grover, he immediately prepares for battle. He knows he'll need his powerful demigod allies, Annabeth and Thalia, at his side; his trusty bronze sword Riptide; and…a ride from his mom. The demigods race to the rescue, to find that Grover has made an important discovery: two new powerful half-bloods whose parentage is unknown. But that's not all that awaits them. The Titan lord, Kronos, has set up his most devious trap yet, and the young heroes have unwittingly fallen prey. Hilarious and action-packed, this third adventure in the series finds Percy faced with his most dangerous challenge so far: the chilling prophecy of the Titan's curse.",2008,Rick Riordan,622,43701,1032,Fantasy,4.54,"[""It's a series for children, I know, but don't we all need to reconnect with our inner-child sometimes? And this is perfect for pleasure reading. At least if you can find humour in ancient Greek mythology in connection with American younger readers' pop-culture.And now that I'm done with the first three I cannot wait to get my hands on the others.Show more"", ""Beats the pants off Harry Potter. Wonderful YA literature, and one of the few YA works that doesn't draw a thick black line between boys and girls (while, at the same time, it paints a light, subtle and entirely realistic picture of a normal boy's dawning awareness that girls exist).You can tell Riordan knows his Greek myths inside and out, loves them, and gets it. My only quibble is the way he casts the epic battle(s) in terms of Good vs. Evil: a very Judeo-Christian view, and one that is antithetical to the spirit of the Greek myths, where the Gods just jerk mortals and each other around on a level playing field.Show more"", 'This series makes my top 5 favorite series list. My friend made me read them and Im so glad she did', ""I loved it. I finished the first book, The Lightning Theif, in a day. It's awesome. I kept thinking how good it would be to read this to any kid, especially those with struggles like ADHD and dyslexia. The struggles these kids have turn out to be a blessing. Instead of not seeing correctly, it's that they see overly well. They're given superpowers and are more than mortals. It's a really fun read based on Greek mythology in modern times.Show more"", 'LOVED this series so freakin much!! Gotta read book 4, soon :D I miss Olympian Gods.. Percy and Annabeth <3 <3 <3 ', ""This series was one of the most fun in fantasy fiction, for me! It is real, to the point, very tongue and cheek and almost always full of surprises. For instance when Percy steps out of the 'elevator' that takes his trio to Olympia, he steps out and 'nearly has a heartattack!' It has fantasy mixed with very real human emotions. None of the thinking about mankind and the greater good conflict, this guy wants to know which bully will beat him up in his next school and who his mum will date next. I couldn't put the books down till I had finished them and re-read the funny bits again!Show more"", ""These are the first three books of the series 'Percy Jackson and the Olympians'. All the books of this series were very good. Although I did enjoy all of them, the one that was more interesting was the third book. The third book was 'Percy Jackson and the Titan's Curse'. This book, in my opinion, had the most adventure. They lost and gain new people throughout their 'Prophecy'. None of the other books really had that in them. You may disagree and like other books, but the third book remains the best to me. "", 'Got me into reading when I was younger and never fails to make me fall in love again when I re-read! ', 'Official Rating:5/5 stars 🌟', 'The two stars are mainly because of my history with this book, plus the fact that he wrote it for his son.I used to love these books, they were very favorite books when I read them and Riordan was, as far as I was concerned, a genius. Then I read some other things, and I got interested in some other books that became my favorites instead of these, but I still remembered these books as really, really great.Then, a couple of weeks ago, I reread the series. I had been reading about them online and hearing about them, mostly some negative things, and I was wondering if I had been wrong the first time I read them. Well, it turns out I was, at least in my opinion.First, the writing is junk. I am not saying the plot or the characters (yet), I am saying the writing. I recognized what I saw here, and I can recognize this in all of his kids books. This was a guy who didn\'t know how to write, and knew this about himself, but was clever, and put just enough more-or-less witty remarks and corny jokes in to distract the readers from the fact that he can\'t write. I recognize his inability to write in his adult books, too. Even though he has written many, many books by this point, both before and after Percy Jackson, he can\'t exactly write a book.The next thing which irritated me were the jokes on their own. Just bad. It was funny at times, I admit that. And in the first couple of chapters it\'s fine. But by the time you are third of the way into the first book and have been hearing these not-so-witty, not-so-funny ""jokes"" then I kind of just wanted to throw the book out of the window. When a series has a couple of remarks like this scattered about, and used at important times, then it\'s funny, or at least one can stand it. But just the jokes every five seconds were making me claw my own eyes out.Maybe I am being unreasonable about this one, but I found his portrayal of the Greek Gods and Goddesses to the very, very disrespectful. Particularly Dionysus got on my nerves. He was a God that, like all of the others, was worshipped by people for many years as a big part of their lives, and in Percy Jackson he is depicted as a loser he gets drunk on soda! Riordan does similar things with other Gods and Goddesses. I wouldn\'t mind them being in the series if he was just a bit more respectful.I also was bothered by the main character\'s dyslexia. Obviously, I was not bothered that the main character has dyslexia, what bothered me was how Riordan made having dyslexia be like. At one point, Percy (main character) sees a sign that says ""Private Event"" as ""Pirate Event"" I have researched dyslexia a lot (for personal reasons, long before I read Percy Jackson for the first time) and no one with dyslexia would have seen ""Private"" as ""Pirate"". In the fifth book, Percy sees ""Gods"" as ""Dogs"" not only is this one highly unlikely (if even possible), it also contrasts what he wrote in the first book. (For example, wouldn\'t he more likely see ""gods"" as ""os"", since he couldn\'t see the R or the V in ""Private""?) . I feel like he could have made the dyslexia more realistic--it is not something to laugh about, it\'s a real obstacle in the lives of people who have it. This annoyed me the first time I read this book, too, but I got past it.This book series also totally copied Harry Potter, but without a lot of the things that made Harry Potter a work of art. Lots of books now have slightly copied minor things from that series, but never a complete copy, and never as bad as Riordan. For example, the main character has messy black hair and green eyes, and has never had many friends (Harry/Percy) and is raised by at least one abusive member of their family (The Dursleys\'/ Percy\'s stepfather). Next, he finds out he is has magic and gets a special weapon (Harry\'s wand/Riptide) and he goes to school to learn about his magic (Hogwarts/Camp-half-blood) he meets a very wise teacher who he likes (Dumbledore/Chiron) and one teacher that he doesn\'t like (Snape/Dionysus. Though Snape was a much better and more complex character then Dionysus was in Percy Jackson). The main character\'s two best friends are boy who is very loyal, but not that smart (Ron/Grover) and girl who is brilliant but can be a little bit of a know-it-all sometimes (Hermione/Annabeth). There is a boy with longish blonde hair who is cruel to the main character (Malfoy/Luke), and a set of mischievous brothers (Fred and George/Travis and Connor) and set of twins where one dies (Fred and George/Caster and Pollux). The villain\'s name is not supposed to be said (Voldemort/Kronos), and at some point the main character is known for surviving something no one has before (Harry survived the killing curse/Percy reached sixteen), there is a character who is not in the series very much, but is very kind and nice to the main character, but he dies (Cedric/Beckendorf) and this character was also dating a girl who was nice enough but cried a lot (Cho Chang/Silena Beauregard). I could go on. It appears that Ridordan had a pretty good idea for a book series, but couldn\'t think of a plot so he found one that had already been used and was popular, but changed it slightly.In short, I can\'t think of Percy Jackson as anything more then a cheap, Harry Potter rip-off.Show more', ""Percy Jackson. The Percy Jackson series was my favorite series in middle school and I kept up with Heroes of Olympus throughout high school and some of Trials of Apollo in college. I will start crying when I read a new book with Percy in it because I genuinely miss him as a character when he hasn’t showed up in a book for a while. I’m actually in the same place as all my PJO/HoO books right now and I am seriously considering a full re-read.-I didn't realize there were more. Probably should have gotten the full set but I'm still happy with this purchase.Show more"", 'helped me with my greek mythology', ""The Percy Jackson books are really just superb. I remember my first time through the series as a much younger reader (probably around Percy's age, in fact, which is about 12 in the first book), and I know I loved them then. This series follows demigods, or the children of Greek gods and mortals, as they fight to defend their own lives as well as Olympus, the home of their godly parents (fights which take both physical and emotional forms). The premise is truly incredible, and it was so compelling to see the stories of Greek mythology translated into a fun series for a young audience. The writing is humorous, easy to read, and very approachable for readers of all ages. And the characters, especially Percy, are so lovably relatable. I adored the series as a kid, but I hadn't taken the time to revisit them until this year. As a freshman in college, I was seeking some nostalgia and a reminder of the normalcy of home, so I decided to pick up the Percy Jackson books one more time. Am I glad I did! I raced through all the books -the fact that I was reading the collection came in very handy here, since I didn't even have to wait for the library! - and I found myself transported to the world of the demigods once again. Percy is still as relatable as ever - all the characters are incredible, for that matter - the writing is still joyful and fun, and the idea is as compelling as ever. Despite being a book for children, this series manages to deal with some complicated themes (and does it very well) and also captures experiences relevant for all ages. It's also just such a great time! I'm sure most people have at least heard of Percy Jackson at this point, but I don't know how many people have taken the time to make their way through the series, so this is my pitch to start! If you've never read it, it is absolutely not too late to start, and it will be an enjoyable read for sure. If you've already read it, like I had, the nostalgia makes the experience even better. This is a series that is both incredible entertaining but also leaves you more than you were when you started, and I think that's the best kind. I know I'll be paying Camp Half-Blood another visit very soon! Show more"", 'as good as I remember Childhood classic and holds the test of time. Still funny, the action still has you turning the page. Ready for the next one. ', ""Honestly, this was one of the best series I have ever read in my life (no kidding). The plot twists and how Rick Riordan introduces the new characters and monsters are truly pulling me in to read more. I can't wait to read the 4th and 5th book to finish the series. At the end of book three, it ends with a cliffhanger, with makes my dyingly want to know more. I can't believe all three of the main gods all had children! Percy and Nico who appear more in the story, are truly contrasting characters. Even though Thalia joined the hunters and Zoë Nightshade, Bianca Di Angelo have given their lives in the quest, they are also apart of the hunters, which is lead by the goddess Artemis. My friend told me that, After Nico hears that his sister has passed away, he turns into an emo kid. Percy is still the same. Always getting kicked out of school and fighting monsters with is pen-sword, Riptide. So far, my favorite books of the series were the Sea of Monsters and the Titan's Curse. If you are interested to read books about Greek Myths, and truly want to read an amazing book, I recommend this Series, Percy Jackson and the Olympians."", ' ""Percy Jackson And The Olympians"" is one of my favorite book series. I love gods and goddesses, so the Percy Jackson books have lots of them. The books made me feel powerful. They made me feel powerful because when I read a book I imagine my self as one of the characters. The characters had powers and the defeated Kronos. I read the next series and it was amazing. Thinking about it now I feel like the series was one of the main reasons that I love Greek mythology.Show more', ""This is a cute series for children. I didn't read into it at all (there were probably large plot holes looming that I just purposefully ignored), because I wanted a brainless, fun read. Percy Jackson definitely delivered. "", 'Please read my last comment', 'i read all of them they were so great i wanted more of them. ', 'Extremely exciting,thrilling and a must-read for those who LOVE greek mythology.', 'Never a dull moment in the series. All of the books were a delight.', 'this book is good', 'All of the books are really good except for the sea of monsters. You can skip that one.', 'Read them all multiple times. <3', 'Il ladro di fulmini ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️Il mare dei mostri⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️La maledizione del titano ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️', 'Extremamente enérgico, mas não traz muitos questionamentos como outros livros; é explosão atrás de tiro. Faz algumas críticas sociais superficiais.', 'Me gustan mucho estos libros porque antes de leerlo tenía una vaga idea de los helenos o griegos y sus dioses. Luego de leerme esta saga completa me sabía de memorizado todos los nombres, lo que me encanta. Te entretienes tanto con la historia y te metes tanto con las personalidades (de los personajes y de los dioses) que terminas memorizándolos sin darte cuenta. Esa es una de mis cosas favoritas de estos libros. Sí, el libro da unas vueltas que no me esperaba pero cuando están a punto de morir, tus personajes favoritos nunca se mueren. Osea por una parte eso está bien, porque o si no te decepcionarías mucho, pero en mi parecer necesita más drama. Tampoco quiero parecer sanguinaria o depresiva, pero me gustan los finales trágicos o tristes.Tengo muchas ganas de leer la siguiente saga. Rick Riordan es un genio. Show more', ""Percy Jackson is an entertaining read that I immensely enjoyed. The first two books weren't the best in the series, but if you can make it through them, the series gets way better. I loved the characters and seeing their growth—a good story, in my opinion, tugs at all your emotions by the end, which this does. The characters have to make sacrifices by the end, and it isn't all rainbows, which I like. If you like this series, check out Rick Riordan's THE HERO'S OF OLYMPUS series, which follows some of the same main characters. So far, it has been terrific.Violence- Teenagers are often depicted in combat and some to die. Most of the more graphic violence depicted happens to monsters, such as heads or limbs being cut off.Language- Very minorDrug- Some minor mention of wineSex-N/AShow more"", ""A very good book series by Rick Riordan . the best thing I like about the book is how intricately Rick Riordan has written the story and unified the Greek mythology with the modern world . the unification in itself makes it stand apart from a normal fantasy books. Note: don't ever think of watching the movie without considering the book first . if you've read it , I don't think it's worth watching the movie. It's a terrible adaptation . I know all the PJs fan would agree with this..Show more""]"
446,The Magicians,"A thrilling and original coming-of-age novel for adults about a young man practicing magic in the real world.Quentin Coldwater is brilliant but miserable. A senior in high school, he’s still secretly preoccupied with a series of fantasy novels he read as a child, set in a magical land called Fillory. Imagine his surprise when he finds himself unexpectedly admitted to a very secret, very exclusive college of magic in upstate New York, where he receives a thorough and rigorous education in the craft of modern sorcery. He also discovers all the other things people learn in college: friendship, love, sex, booze, and boredom. Something is missing, though. Magic doesn’t bring Quentin the happiness and adventure he dreamed it would. After graduation he and his friends make a stunning discovery: Fillory is real. But the land of Quentin’s fantasies turns out to be much darker and more dangerous than he could have imagined. His childhood dream becomes a nightmare with a shocking truth at its heart. At once psychologically piercing and magnificently absorbing, The Magicians boldly moves into uncharted literary territory, imagining magic as practiced by real people, with their capricious desires and volatile emotions. Lev Grossman creates an utterly original world in which good and evil aren’t black and white, love and sex aren’t simple or innocent, and power comes at a terrible price.",2009,Lev Grossman,24112,254186,402,Fantasy,3.53,[]
447,Nights in Rodanthe,"From the #1 New York Times bestselling author Nicholas Sparks comes a tender story of hope and joy; of sacrifice and forgiveness -- a moving reminder that love is possible at any age, at any time, and often comes when we least expect it. At forty-five, Adrienne Willis must rethink her entire life when her husband abandons her for a younger woman. Reeling with heartache and in search of a respite, she flees to the small coastal town of Rodanthe, North Carolina to tend to a friend's inn for the weekend. But when a major storm starts moving in, it appears that Adrienne's perfect getaway will be ruined -- until a guest named Paul Flanner arrives. At fifty-four, Paul has just sold his medical practice and come to Rodanthe to escape his own shattered past. Now, with the storm closing in, two wounded people will turn to each other for comfort -- and in one weekend set in motion feelings that will resonate throughout the rest of their lives.Did You Know?---The main characters' names were Christmas presents to Nicholas's in-laws (Paul and Adrienne)?This was Nicholas's first book to debut at #1?",2002,Nicholas Sparks,4981,166648,222,Romance,3.84,[]
448,I am Charlotte Simmons,"Tom Wolfe, the master social novelist of our time, the spot-on chronicler of all things contemporary and cultural, presents a sensational new novel about life, love, and learning--or the lack of it--amid today's American colleges.Our story unfolds at fictional Dupont University: those Olympian halls of scholarship housing the cream of America's youth, the roseate Gothic spires and manicured lawns suffused with tradition . . . Or so it appears to beautiful, brilliant Charlotte Simmons, a sheltered freshman from North Carolina. But Charlotte soon learns, to her mounting dismay, that for the upper-crust coeds of Dupont, sex, cool, and kegs trump academic achievement every time.As Charlotte encounters the paragons of Dupont's privileged elite--her roommate, Beverly, a Groton-educated Brahmin in lusty pursuit of lacrosse players; Jojo Johanssen, the only white starting player on Dupont's godlike basketball team, whose position is threatened by a hotshot black freshman from the projects; the Young Turk of Saint Ray fraternity, Hoyt Thorpe, whose heady sense of entitlement and social domination is clinched by his accidental brawl with a bodyguard for the governor of California; and Adam Geller, one of the Millennial Mutants who run the university's ""independent"" newspaper and who consider themselves the last bastion of intellectual endeavor on the sex-crazed, jock-obsessed campus--she is seduced by the heady glamour of acceptance, betraying both her values and upbringing before she grasps the power of being different--and the exotic allure of her own innocence.With his trademark satirical wit and famously sharp eye for telling detail, Wolfe's I Am Charlotte Simmons draws on extensive observations at campuses across the country to immortalize the early-21st-century college-going experience.",2004,Tom Wolfe,2106,27356,738,Fiction,3.44,[]
449,It's Kind of a Funny Story,"Ambitious New York City teenager Craig Gilner is determined to succeed at life - which means getting into the right high school to get into the right job. But once Craig aces his way into Manhattan's Executive Pre-Professional High School, the pressure becomes unbearable. He stops eating and sleeping until, one night, he nearly kills himself.Craig's suicidal episode gets him checked into a mental hospital, where his new neighbors include a transsexual sex addict, a girl who has scarred her own face with scissors, and the self-elected President Armelio. There, Craig is finally able to confront the sources of his anxiety.Ned Vizzini, who himself spent time in a psychiatric hospital, has created a remarkably moving tale about the sometimes unexpected road to happiness.",2006,Ned Vizzini,12642,241318,444,Young Adult,4.09,[]
450,The Woods,"Twenty years ago, four teenagers disappeared in the woods at summer camp. Two decades later, everything changes...Paul Copeland's sister was one of the missing teenagers. Now raising a daughter alone after the death of his wife, he balances family life with a career as a prosecutor. But when a body is found, the well-buried secrets of the past threaten everything.Could the victim be one of the missing teenagers? Could his sister be alive? Copeland has to confront so much he left behind that summer twenty years ago: his first love, Lucy; his mother, who abandoned the family; and the secrets that his parents have been hiding ...",2007,Harlan Coben,5514,92805,404,Mystery,4.05,[]
451,Beautiful Disaster,"The new Abby Abernathy is a good girl. She doesn’t drink or swear, and she has the appropriate number of cardigans in her wardrobe. Abby believes she has enough distance from the darkness of her past, but when she arrives at college with her best friend, her path to a new beginning is quickly challenged by Eastern University's Walking One-Night Stand. Travis Maddox, lean, cut, and covered in tattoos, is exactly what Abby needs—and wants—to avoid. He spends his nights winning money in a floating fight ring, and his days as the ultimate college campus charmer. Intrigued by Abby’s resistance to his appeal, Travis tricks her into his daily life with a simple bet. If he loses, he must remain abstinent for a month. If Abby loses, she must live in Travis’s apartment for the same amount of time. Either way, Travis has no idea that he has met his match.",2011,Jamie McGuire,31877,644377,319,Romance,4.04,[]
452,Beautiful Ruins,"""The best novel of the year."" — Maureen Corrigan, NPR's Fresh AirA #1 New York Times bestseller, this “absolute masterpiece” (Richard Russo) is the story of an almost-love affair that begins on the Italian coast in 1962 and resurfaces fifty years later in Hollywood. From the lavish set of Cleopatra to the shabby revelry of the Edinburgh Fringe Festival to the back lots of contemporary Hollywood, this is a dazzling, yet deeply human roller coaster of a novel.The acclaimed author of the national bestseller The Financial Lives of the Poets returns with his funniest, most romantic, and most purely enjoyable novel yet. Hailed by critics and loved by readers of literary and historical fiction, Beautiful Ruins is gloriously inventive and constantly surprising—a story of flawed yet fascinating people navigating the rocky shores of their lives while clinging to their improbable dreams.",2012,Jess Walter,16474,172076,337,Fiction,3.68,[]
453,The Miraculous Journey of Edward Tulane,"A timeless tale by the incomparable Kate DiCamillo, complete with stunning full-color plates by Bagram Ibatoulline, honors the enduring power of love.""Someone will come for you, but first you must open your heart. . . .""Once, in a house on Egypt Street, there lived a china rabbit named Edward Tulane. The rabbit was very pleased with himself, and for good reason: he was owned by a girl named Abilene, who treated him with the utmost care and adored him completely. And then, one day, he was lost. Kate DiCamillo takes us on an extraordinary journey, from the depths of the ocean to the net of a fisherman, from the top of a garbage heap to the fireside of a hoboes' camp, from the bedside of an ailing child to the bustling streets of Memphis. And along the way, we are shown a true miracle — that even a heart of the most breakable kind can learn to love, to lose, and to love again.",2006,Kate DiCamillo,11814,100820,228,Fantasy,4.37,[]
454,For One More Day,"""Every family is a ghost story...""Mitch Albom mesmerized readers around the world with his number one 
New York Times
 bestsellers, The Five People You Meet in Heaven and Tuesdays with Morrie. Now he returns with a beautiful, haunting novel about the family we love and the chances we miss.For One More Day is the story of a mother and a son, and a relationship that covers a lifetime and beyond. It explores the question: What would you do if you could spend one more day with a lost loved one? As a child, Charley ""Chick"" Benetto was told by his father, ""You can be a mama's boy or a daddy's boy, but you can't be both."" So he chooses his father, only to see the man disappear when Charley is on the verge of adolescence. Decades later, Charley is a broken man. His life has been crumbled by alcohol and regret. He loses his job. He leaves his family. He hits bottom after discovering his only daughter has shut him out of her wedding. And he decides to take his own life.He makes a midnight ride to his small hometown, with plans to do himself in. But upon failing even to do that, he staggers back to his old house, only to make an astonishing discovery. His mother, who died eight years earlier, is still living there, and welcomes him home as if nothing ever happened..What follows is the one ""ordinary"" day so many of us yearn for, a chance to make good with a lost parent, to explain the family secrets, and to seek forgiveness. Somewhere between this life and the next, Charley learns the astonishing things he never knew about his mother and her sacrifices. And he tries, with her tender guidance, to put the crumbled pieces of his life back together.Through Albom's inspiring characters and masterful storytelling, readers will newly appreciate those whom they love and may have thought they'd lost in their own lives. For One More Day is a book for anyone in a family, and will be cherished by Albom's millions of fans worldwide.",2006,Mitch Albom,9130,141350,208,Fiction,4.11,[]
455,Life... Love... Kumbh...,"The story in Life...Love...Kumbh... is told from the perspective of the three main characters- Annant, Agastaya, and Aditi. Their paths cross on January 13, 2010. It is the day before the first of the eleven sacred baths of the Haridwar Maha Kumbh.The three characters meet each other and exchange their stories. They remember the days gone by and are unsure about what lies ahead.As the Kumbh Mela draws towards an end, all three of them are thrown into a challenging situation that they have to face. The book then follows their journey as they try and find answers for their personal quests all at the same time - on life, love, and the thirst for knowledge.",2011,Aporva Kala,43,2197,290,Romance,3.58,[]
456,Love Is a Mix Tape,"In this stunning memoir, Rob Sheffield, a veteran rock and pop culture critic and staff writer for Rolling Stone magazine, tells the story of his musical coming of age, and how rock music, the first love of his life, led him to his second, a girl named Renee. Rob and Renee's life together - they wed after graduate school, both became music journalists, and were married only five years when Renee died suddenly on Mother's Day, 1997 - is shared through the window of the mix tapes they obsessively compiled. There are mixes to court each other, mixes for road trips, mixes for doing the dishes, mixes for sleeping - and, eventually, mixes to mourn Rob's greatest loss. The tunes were among the great musical output of the early 1990s - Pearl Jam, Nirvana, Pavement, Yo La Tengo, REM, Weezer - as well as classics by The Rolling Stones, The Beatles, Aretha Franklin and more. Mixing the skilful, tragic punch of Dave Eggers and the romantic honesty of Nick Hornby, LOVE IS A MIX TAPE is a story of lost love and the kick-you-in-the-gut energy of great pop music.",2007,Rob Sheffield,3457,38475,224,Music,3.86,[]
457,We Are All Completely Beside Ourselves,"The New York Times bestselling author of The Jane Austen Book Club introduces a middle-class American family, ordinary in every way but one...Meet the Cooke family: Mother and Dad, Lowell, Rosemary and her unusual sister Fern. Rosemary begins her story in the middle. She has her reasons. “Until Fern’s expulsion...,” Rosemary says, “she was my twin, my funhouse mirror, my whirlwind other half and I loved her.” As a child, Rosemary never stopped talking. Then, something happened, and Rosemary wrapped herself in silence.In We Are All Completely Beside Ourselves, Karen Joy Fowler weaves her most accomplished work to date—a tale of loving but fallible people whose well-intentioned actions lead to heartbreaking consequences.",2013,Karen Joy Fowler,12558,116362,310,Fiction,3.71,[]
458,Six of Crows,Ketterdam: a bustling hub of international trade where anything can be had for the right price—and no one knows that better than criminal prodigy Kaz Brekker. Kaz is offered a chance at a deadly heist that could make him rich beyond his wildest dreams. But he can’t pull it off alone. . . .A convict with a thirst for revengeA sharpshooter who can’t walk away from a wagerA runaway with a privileged pastA spy known as the WraithA Heartrender using her magic to survive the slumsA thief with a gift for unlikely escapesSix dangerous outcasts. One impossible heist. Kaz’s crew is the only thing that might stand between the world and destruction—if they don’t kill each other first.,2015,Leigh Bardugo,84211,773429,465,Fantasy,4.49,[]
459,Unless,"Reta Winters, 44-year-old successful author of light summertime fiction, has always considered herself happy, even blessed. That is, until her oldest daughter Norah mysteriously drops out of college to become a panhandler on a Toronto street corner -- silent, with a sign around her neck bearing the word ""Goodness.""--back cover",2002,Carol Shields,1215,16084,320,Fiction,3.63,[]
460,Awakened,"Exonerated by the Vampyre High Council and returned to her position of High Priestess at Tulsa’s House of Night, Neferet has sworn vengeance on Zoey. Dominion over her immortal consort Kalona is only one of the weapons she plans to use against Z. But Zoey has found sanctuary on the Isle of Skye and is being groomed by Queen Sgiach to take over for her there. Being Queen would be cool, wouldn’t it? Why should she return to Tulsa? After losing her human consort, Heath, she will never be the same – and her relationship with her super-hot-warrior, Stark, may never be the same either… And what about Stevie Rae and Rephaim? The Raven Mocker refuses to be used against Stevie Rae, but what choice does he have when no one in the entire world, including Zoey, would be okay with their relationship? Does he betray his father or his heart?",2011,P.C. Cast,3335,133930,290,Young Adult,4.00,[]
461,HHhH,"Deux parachutistes tchécoslovaques envoyés par Londres sont chargés d’assassiner Reinhard Heydrich, chef de la Gestapo, chef des services secrets nazis, planificateur de la solution finale, protecteur de Bohème-Moravie, surnommé ""le bourreau"", ""la bête blonde"", ""l’homme le plus dangereux du IIIe Reich"". Après des mois de préparation, il est finalement abattu dans sa Mercedes. Il s’ensuit une folle traque qui se termine dans une église du centre de Prague. HHhH est un acronyme inventé par les SS qui signifie en allemand : ""le cerveau d’Himmler s’appelle Heydrich"" (Himmlers Hirn heisst Heydrich). L’essentiel de l’histoire se situe entre 1938 et 1942. Le récit est structuré comme un entonnoir : des chapitres courts relatent différents épisodes en divers lieux et à diverses époques, qui tous convergent vers Prague où s’est déroulé l’attentat. Tous les personnages de ce livre ont réellement existé ou existent encore. L’auteur a rapporté les faits le plus fidèlement possible mais a dû résister à la tentation de romancer. Comment raconter l’Histoire ? Cette question conduit parfois l’auteur à se mettre en scène pour rendre compte de ses conditions d’écriture, de ses recherches, de ses hésitations. La vérité historique se révèle à la fois une obsession névrotique et une quête sans fin.",2010,Laurent Binet,2630,24051,442,Fiction,4.05,[]
462,Mister Pip,"In a novel that is at once intense, beautiful, and fablelike, Lloyd Jones weaves a transcendent story that celebrates the resilience of the human spirit and the power of narrative to transform our lives.On a copper-rich tropical island shattered by war, where the teachers have fled with most everyone else, only one white man chooses to stay behind: the eccentric Mr. Watts, object of much curiosity and scorn, who sweeps out the ruined schoolhouse and begins to read to the children each day from Charles Dickens's classic Great Expectations.So begins this rare, original story about the abiding strength that imagination, once ignited, can provide. As artillery echoes in the mountains, thirteen-year-old Matilda and her peers are riveted by the adventures of a young orphan named Pip in a city called London, a city whose contours soon become more real than their own blighted landscape. As Mr. Watts says, “A person entranced by a book simply forgets to breathe.” Soon come the rest of the villagers, initially threatened, finally inspired to share tales of their own that bring alive the rich mythology of their past. But in a ravaged place where even children are forced to live by their wits and daily survival is the only objective, imagination can be a dangerous thing.",2006,Lloyd Jones,2289,22111,256,Fiction,3.67,[]
463,Case Histories,"In #1 of series, Jackson Brodie PI follows three 30-years cold, unconnected Cambridge family cases:  1 A little girl disappears in the night.  2 A beautiful young office worker falls to a maniac's attack. 3 A new mother is overwhelmed by demands from her baby and husband - until a fit of rage creates a grisly, bloody escape.Result : Startling connections and discoveries emerge. . . .",2004,Kate Atkinson,7633,102707,389,Mystery,3.81,[]
464,The March,"In 1864, Union general William Tecumseh Sherman marched his sixty thousand troops through Georgia to the sea, and then up into the Carolinas. The army fought off Confederate forces, demolished cities, and accumulated a borne-along population of freed blacks and white refugees until all that remained was the dangerous transient life of the dispossessed and the triumphant. In E. L. Doctorow’s hands the great march becomes a floating world, a nomadic consciousness, and an unforgettable reading experience with awesome relevance to our own times.--back cover",2005,E.L. Doctorow,1157,13202,363,Historical Fiction,3.76,[]
465,Wolves of the Calla,"Roland and his tet have just returned to the path of the Beam when they discover that they are being followed by a group of inexperienced trackers. The trackers are from the town of Calla Bryn Sturgis, and they desperately need the help of gunslingers. Once every generation, a band of masked riders known as the Wolves gallop out of the dark land of Thunderclap to steal one half of all the twins born in the Callas. When the children are returned, they are roont, or mentally and physically ruined. In less than a month, the Wolves will raid again. In exchange for Roland’s aid, Father Callahan—a priest originally from our world—offers to give Roland a powerful but evil seeing sphere, a sinister globe called Black Thirteen which he has hidden below the floorboards of his church. Not only must Roland and his tet discover a way to defeat the invincible Wolves, but they must also return to New York so that they can save our world’s incarnation of the Dark Tower from the machinations of the evil Sombra Corporation.",2003,Stephen King,5237,174289,931,Fantasy,4.19,[]
466,Number9Dream,"David Mitchell follows his eerily precocious, globe-striding first novel, Ghostwritten, with a work that is in its way even more ambitious. In outward form, number9dream is a Dickensian coming-of-age journey: Young dreamer Eiji Miyake, from remote rural Japan, thrust out on his own by his sister’s death and his mother’s breakdown, comes to Tokyo in pursuit of the father who abandoned him. Stumbling around this strange, awesome city, he trips over and crosses—through a hidden destiny or just monstrously bad luck—a number of its secret power centers. Suddenly, the riddle of his father’s identity becomes just one of the increasingly urgent questions Eiji must answer. Why is the line between the world of his experiences and the world of his dreams so blurry? Why do so many horrible things keep happening to him? What is it about the number 9? To answer these questions, and ultimately to come to terms with his inheritance, Eiji must somehow acquire an insight into the workings of history and fate that would be rare in anyone, much less in a boy from out of town with a price on his head and less than the cost of a Beatles disc to his name.",2001,David Mitchell,1809,24731,401,Fiction,3.87,[]
467,Lincoln in the Bardo,"In his long-awaited first novel, American master George Saunders delivers his most original, transcendent, and moving work yet. Unfolding in a graveyard over the course of a single night, narrated by a dazzling chorus of voices, Lincoln in the Bardo is a literary experience unlike any other—for no one but Saunders could conceive it. February 1862. The Civil War is less than one year old. The fighting has begun in earnest, and the nation has begun to realize it is in for a long, bloody struggle. Meanwhile, President Lincoln's beloved eleven-year-old son, Willie, lies upstairs in the White House, gravely ill. In a matter of days, despite predictions of a recovery, Willie dies and is laid to rest in a Georgetown cemetery. ""My poor boy, he was too good for this earth,"" the president says at the time. ""God has called him home."" Newspapers report that a grief-stricken Lincoln returned to the crypt several times alone to hold his boy's body. From that seed of historical truth, George Saunders spins an unforgettable story of familial love and loss that breaks free of its realistic, historical framework into a thrilling, supernatural realm both hilarious and terrifying. Willie Lincoln finds himself in a strange purgatory, where ghosts mingle, gripe, commiserate, quarrel, and enact bizarre acts of penance. Within this transitional state—called, in the Tibetan tradition, the bardo—a monumental struggle erupts over young Willie's soul. Lincoln in the Bardo is an astonishing feat of imagination and a bold step forward from one of the most important and influential writers of his generation. Formally daring, generous in spirit, deeply concerned with matters of the heart, it is a testament to fiction's ability to speak honestly and powerfully to the things that really matter to us. Saunders has invented a thrilling new form that deploys a kaleidoscopic, theatrical panorama of voices—living and dead, historical and invented—to ask a timeless, profound question: How do we live and love when we know that everything we love must end?",2017,George Saunders,22746,145808,343,Fiction,3.75,[]
468,Skeletons at the Feast,"In January 1945, in the waning months of World War II, a small group of people begin the longest journey of their lives: an attempt to cross the remnants of the Third Reich, from Warsaw to the Rhine if necessary, to reach the British and American lines.Among the group is eighteen-year-old Anna Emmerich, the daughter of Prussian aristocrats. There is her lover, Callum Finella, a twenty-year-old Scottish prisoner of war who was brought from the stalag to her family’s farm as forced labor. And there is a twenty-six-year-old Wehrmacht corporal, who the pair know as Manfred–who is, in reality, Uri Singer, a Jew from Germany who managed to escape a train bound for Auschwitz.As they work their way west, they encounter a countryside ravaged by war. Their flight will test both Anna’s and Callum’s love, as well as their friendship with Manfred–assuming any of them even survive. Perhaps not since The English Patient has a novel so deftly captured both the power and poignancy of romance and the terror and tragedy of war. Skillfully portraying the flesh and blood of history, Chris Bohjalian has crafted a rich tapestry that puts a face on one of the twentieth century’s greatest tragedies–while creating, perhaps, a masterpiece that will haunt readers for generations.",2008,Chris Bohjalian,2552,25314,372,Historical Fiction,4.00,[]
469,Life As We Knew It,"Miranda’s disbelief turns to fear in a split second when a meteor knocks the moon closer to the earth. How should her family prepare for the future when worldwide tsunamis wipe out the coasts, earthquakes rock the continents, and volcanic ash blocks out the sun? As summer turns to Arctic winter, Miranda, her two brothers, and their mother retreat to the unexpected safe haven of their sunroom, where they subsist on stockpiled food and limited water in the warmth of a wood-burning stove.Told in journal entries, this is the heart-pounding story of Miranda’s struggle to hold on to the most important resource of all--hope--in an increasingly desperate and unfamiliar world.",2006,Susan Beth Pfeffer,10419,124889,337,Young Adult,3.88,[]
470,Crossed,The Society chooses everything. The books you read. The music you listen to. The person you love. Yet for Cassia the rules have changed. Ky has been taken and she will sacrifice everything to find him. And when Cassia discovers Ky has escaped to the wild frontiers beyond the Society there is hope.But on the edge of society nothing is as it seems...A rebellion is rising.And a tangled web of lies and double-crosses could destroy everything.,2011,Ally Condie,15739,236979,367,Young Adult,3.52,[]
471,A Hat Full of Sky,"WE SEE YOU. NOW WE ARE YOU.No real witch would casually step out of their body, leaving it empty.Tiffany Aching does. And there’s something just waiting for a handy body to take over. Something ancient and horrible, which can’t die.To deal with it, Tiffany has to go to the very heart of what makes her a witch . . .",2004,Terry Pratchett,2390,70864,352,Fantasy,4.31,[]
472,The Raven Boys,"“There are only two reasons a non-seer would see a spirit on St. Mark’s Eve,” Neeve said. “Either you’re his true love . . . or you killed him.”It is freezing in the churchyard, even before the dead arrive.Every year, Blue Sargent stands next to her clairvoyant mother as the soon-to-be dead walk past. Blue herself never sees them—not until this year, when a boy emerges from the dark and speaks directly to her.His name is Gansey, and Blue soon discovers that he is a rich student at Aglionby, the local private school. Blue has a policy of staying away from Aglionby boys. Known as Raven Boys, they can only mean trouble.But Blue is drawn to Gansey, in a way she can’t entirely explain. He has it all—family money, good looks, devoted friends—but he’s looking for much more than that. He is on a quest that has encompassed three other Raven Boys: Adam, the scholarship student who resents all the privilege around him; Ronan, the fierce soul who ranges from anger to despair; and Noah, the taciturn watcher of the four, who notices many things but says very little.For as long as she can remember, Blue has been warned that she will cause her true love to die. She never thought this would be a problem. But now, as her life becomes caught up in the strange and sinister world of the Raven Boys, she’s not so sure anymore.",2012,Maggie Stiefvater,38408,342211,409,Fantasy,4.05,[]
473,Thud!,"Koom Valley? That was where the trolls ambushed the dwarfs, or the dwarfs ambushed the trolls. It was very far away. It was a long time ago. But if he doesn't solve the murder of just one dwarf, Commander Sam Vimes of Ankh-Morpork City Watch is going to see it fought again, right outside his office. With his beloved Watch crumbling around him and war-drums sounding, he must unravel every clue, outwit every assassin and brave any darkness to find the solution. And darkness is following him. Oh... and at six o'clock every day, without fail, with no excuses, he must go home to read ""Where's My Cow?,"" with all the right farmyard noises, to his little boy. There are some things you HAVE to do!",2005,Terry Pratchett,2054,69716,439,Fantasy,4.34,[]
474,Big Little Lies,"Sometimes it’s the little lies that turn out to be the most lethal...A murder . . . a tragic accident . . . or just parents behaving badly? What’s indisputable is that someone is dead. But who did what?Big Little Lies follows three women, each at a crossroads: Madeline is a force to be reckoned with. She’s funny and biting, passionate, she remembers everything and forgives no one. Her ex-husband and his yogi new wife have moved into her beloved beachside community, and their daughter is in the same kindergarten class as Madeline’s youngest (how is this possible?). And to top it all off, Madeline’s teenage daughter seems to be choosing Madeline’s ex-husband over her. (How. Is. This. Possible?).Celeste is the kind of beautiful woman who makes the world stop and stare. While she may seem a bit flustered at times, who wouldn’t be, with those rambunctious twin boys? Now that the boys are starting school, Celeste and her husband look set to become the king and queen of the school parent body. But royalty often comes at a price, and Celeste is grappling with how much more she is willing to pay. New to town, single mom Jane is so young that another mother mistakes her for the nanny. Jane is sad beyond her years and harbors secret doubts about her son. But why? While Madeline and Celeste soon take Jane under their wing, none of them realizes how the arrival of Jane and her inscrutable little boy will affect them all.Big Little Lies is a brilliant take on ex-husbands and second wives, mothers and daughters, schoolyard scandal, and the dangerous little lies we tell ourselves just to survive.",2014,Liane Moriarty,51903,932421,458,Fiction,4.30,[]
475,زندگی مه آلود پریا,Mystical storyThe internal revolution of a woman and the fight against her pastدر مورد زنی موفق و کاریزماتیک که مدیریت مهمانسرای بزرگ سنتی را عهده دار است مهمانسرای که در جذب مهمانهای ایرانی و خارجی رتبه اول را داراست پریا گرچه از استعداد و نبوغ بالایی برخوردار است بطوری که دیگران به موفقیت او رشک می بندند اما در گذشته اشتباهی بزرگی را مرتکب شده که جرات ابراز آن را به دیگران و نزدیکان خود ندارد در روند قصه کم کم گذشته او مانند کابوسی بر روح نا آرامش فرو آمده و به شدت آزارش می دهد و با مبتلا شدن به بیماری؛ عذاب وجدان او تشدید شده و; برای عبور از این بحران; با مشکلات فراوانی مواجه می شود,2013,سید مرتضی مصطفوی,122,987,204,Fiction,3.27,[]
476,The Storied Life of A.J. Fikry,"On the faded Island Books sign hanging over the porch of the Victorian cottage is the motto “No Man Is an Island; Every Book Is a World.” A. J. Fikry, the irascible owner, is about to discover just what that truly means.A. J. Fikry’s life is not at all what he expected it to be. His wife has died, his bookstore is experiencing the worst sales in its history, and now his prized possession, a rare collection of Poe poems, has been stolen. Slowly but surely, he is isolating himself from all the people of Alice Island—from Lambiase, the well-intentioned police officer who’s always felt kindly toward Fikry; from Ismay, his sister-in-law who is hell-bent on saving him from his dreary self; from Amelia, the lovely and idealistic (if eccentric) Knightley Press sales rep who keeps on taking the ferry over to Alice Island, refusing to be deterred by A.J.’s bad attitude. Even the books in his store have stopped holding pleasure for him. These days, A.J. can only see them as a sign of a world that is changing too rapidly.And then a mysterious package appears at the bookstore. It’s a small package, but large in weight. It’s that unexpected arrival that gives A. J. Fikry the opportunity to make his life over, the ability to see everything anew. It doesn’t take long for the locals to notice the change overcoming A.J.; or for that determined sales rep, Amelia, to see her curmudgeonly client in a new light; or for the wisdom of all those books to become again the lifeblood of A.J.’s world; or for everything to twist again into a version of his life that he didn’t see coming. As surprising as it is moving, The Storied Life of A. J. Fikry is an unforgettable tale of transformation and second chances, an irresistible affirmation of why we read, and why we love.",2014,Gabrielle Zevin,33119,251800,260,Fiction,4.01,[]
477,Annihilation,"Area X has been cut off from the rest of the world for decades. Nature has reclaimed the last vestiges of human civilization. The first expedition returned with reports of a pristine, Edenic landscape; the second expedition ended in mass suicide, the third in a hail of gunfire as its members turned on one another. The members of the eleventh expedition returned as shadows of their former selves, and within weeks, all had died of cancer. In Annihilation, the first volume of Jeff VanderMeer's Southern Reach Trilogy, we join the twelfth expedition.The group is made up of four women: an anthropologist; a surveyor; a psychologist, the de facto leader; and our narrator, a biologist. Their mission is to map the terrain, record all observations of their surroundings and of one another, and, above all, avoid being contaminated by Area X itself.They arrive expecting the unexpected, and Area X delivers—but it’s the surprises that came across the border with them and the secrets the expedition members are keeping from one another that change everything.",2014,Jeff VanderMeer,22278,202358,195,Science Fiction,3.75,[]
478,Sapiens,"100,000 years ago, at least six human species inhabited the earth. Today there is just one. Us. Homo sapiens. How did our species succeed in the battle for dominance? Why did our foraging ancestors come together to create cities and kingdoms? How did we come to believe in gods, nations and human rights; to trust money, books and laws; and to be enslaved by bureaucracy, timetables and consumerism? And what will our world be like in the millennia to come? In Sapiens, Dr Yuval Noah Harari spans the whole of human history, from the very first humans to walk the earth to the radical – and sometimes devastating – breakthroughs of the Cognitive, Agricultural and Scientific Revolutions. Drawing on insights from biology, anthropology, paleontology and economics, he explores how the currents of history have shaped our human societies, the animals and plants around us, and even our personalities. Have we become happier as history has unfolded? Can we ever free our behaviour from the heritage of our ancestors? And what, if anything, can we do to influence the course of the centuries to come? Bold, wide-ranging and provocative, Sapiens challenges everything we thought we knew about being human: our thoughts, our actions, our power ... and our future.",2011,Yuval Noah Harari,48585,885099,512,Nonfiction,4.38,[]
479,Don't Close Your Eyes,"An enemies to lovers series begins.Bartender, beach bunny and college track star known as Micro Machine, Kinsley Hayes most pressing priorities are having the lowest times on the stopwatch and choosing between internship before graduation.An encounter with a dicey stranger jolts Kinsley into the real world while she's left mystified by her magnetism to the edgy rogue. Who is he? Will she ever see him again?Klive King reappears in Kinsley's life as a secret admirer, tempting and teasing, rekindling their irresistible love-hate chemistry at the same time as her high school crush home from war, Jase Taylor, reveals his repressed longing to be more than friends.What's a girl to do?When nefarious biker gang, Inferno, set their sights on the wrong girl, Kinsley inadvertently draws both Klive and Jase into a battle to protect her while also dueling for her heart.Set in the tropical locales of Florida, this dual POV suspenseful romance follows Klive, Kinsley and Jase into the beginning of their tumultuous love triangle and perilous conflicts between good, evil, love, hate and the bounds they break when pushed to their limits.",2014,Lynessa James,60,480,326,Romance,3.65,[]
480,Quicksilver,"Quicksilver is the story of Daniel Waterhouse, fearless thinker and conflicted Puritan, pursuing knowledge in the company of the greatest minds of Baroque-era Europe, in a chaotic world where reason wars with the bloody ambitions of the mighty, and where catastrophe, natural or otherwise, can alter the political landscape overnight.It is a chronicle of the breathtaking exploits of ""Half-Cocked Jack"" Shaftoe--London street urchin turned swashbuckling adventurer and legendary King of the Vagabonds--risking life and limb for fortune and love while slowly maddening from the pox.And it is the tale of Eliza, rescued by Jack from a Turkish harem to become spy, confidante, and pawn of royals in order to reinvent Europe through the newborn power of finance.A gloriously rich, entertaining, and endlessly inventive novel that brings a remarkable age and its momentous events to vivid life, Quicksilver is an extraordinary achievement from one of the most original and important literary talents of our time.And it's just the beginning...(back cover)This P.S. edition includes 16 pages of supplementary materials.Cover design by Richard L. AquanCover illustration from the Mary Evans Picture Library; painting of Great Fire of London on stepback",2003,Neal Stephenson,2234,40852,927,Fiction,3.91,[]
481,Obsidian,"Starting over sucks.When we moved to West Virginia right before my senior year, I’d pretty much resigned myself to thick accents, dodgy internet access, and a whole lot of boring… until I spotted my hot neighbor, with his looming height and eerie green eyes. Things were looking up.And then he opened his mouth.Daemon is infuriating. Arrogant. Stab-worthy. We do not get along. At all. But when a stranger attacks me and Daemon literally freezes time with a wave of his hand, well, something… unexpected happens. The hot alien living next door marks me.You heard me. Alien. Turns out Daemon and his sister have a galaxy of enemies wanting to steal their abilities, and Daemon’s touch has me lit up like the Vegas Strip. The only way I’m getting out of this alive is by sticking close to Daemon until my alien mojo fades. If I don’t kill him first, that is.",2011,Jennifer L. Armentrout,20112,271614,335,Young Adult,4.15,[]
482,The Bridge To Caracas,"Librarian Note: Alternate Cover Edition for ASIN: B00DJ5GM14.How was an incredible $325,000,000 theft achieved using The Peace Bridge as a fulcrum?It was a piece of national history. The story had to be told.One of the largest and most audacious gasoline tax evasion scams in Canadian and U.S. history.The perpetrator used The Peace Bridge, spanning The Niagara River, to facilitate his crime, and his private Cessna to transport the enormous fruits of the theft to the “safety” of a Cayman Island bank.The scam netted an amount “that makes The New York State Lottery look like a Sunday school collection.”Cynical and remorselessly ruthless, the thief possesses a brilliant criminal mind, has enormous contempt for the law, police, governments, and the system in which they function. He assumes rules are for fools, and takes sadistic pleasure in breaking them.",2011,Stephen Douglass,44,3806,,Thriller,3.69,[]
483,Complicated Moonlight,,2022,Lynessa Layne,13,227,,Reverse Harem,4.26,[]
484,The Chronicle of Sapta Sindhu,"The book is perhaps, India's first proto-historical novel and tells us the tale of the people of Indus Valley and its adjoining cities. It tells us a story of how the people of Sapta Sindhu, untie to face the challenges of natural disasters and the Greek invasion, in the year 950BC. A wonderful tale of valor, adventure, faith, love, romance, wars, peace, Rudreeshwar, the discovery of Sanjivini,Wars at Zahaden, Zarang and Zabol (all in Afghanistan).It also helps us understand the political development of our nation. Also, the Rig Veda and Avesta (Zoroastrian holy book) find a prominent place in this book. In times like these, the book talks of the places like Iraq(Mesopotamia), Iran (Arianna), Plains of River Helmand (Afghanistan) Syria, Jordan, which were, once he cradle of civilization and are now termed as a rogue nations. In today's times of wars and strifes the book talks of peace and culture.",2011,Aporva Kala,46,2230,489,War,3.52,[]
485,Life Expectancy,"In the moments before he is born, Jimmy Tock has a strange destiny thrust upon him. His dying grandfather prophesies five dark days in his grandson's life - five dates on which Jimmy will face terror and violence, malice and perversion. A storm rages. There is a chilling significance in the old man's words. The moment his grandfather dies, Jimmy emerges squalling into the world, destined to struggle against an evil so dark and pervasive, only the most extraordinary of human spirits can shine through.What dangers await Jimmy on these five dark days? What terrifying events must he survive? At each of the crisis points, a mystery unfolds that will challenge his understanding of good and evil, life and death - and everything in between.",2005,Dean Koontz,2156,36157,476,Horror,4.00,[]
486,Seven Up,"Also see: Alternate Cover Editions for this ISBN [ACE]  
ACE #1
BLOWN UPAll New Jersey bounty hunter Stephanie Plum has to do is bring in semi-retired bail jumper Eddie DeChooch. For an old man he's still got a knack for slipping out of sight--and raising hell. How else can Stephanie explain the bullet-riddled corpse in Eddie's garden? Who else would have a clue as to why two of Stephanie's friends suddenly vanished? For answers Stephanie has the devil to pay: her mentor, Ranger. The deal? He'll give Stephanie all the help she needs--if she gives him everything he wants...MESSED UPAs if things weren't complicated enough, Stephanie's just discovered her Grandma Mazur's own unmentionable alliance with Eddie. Add a series of unnerving break-ins, not to mention the bombshell revelation leveled by Stephanie's estranged sister, and Stephanie's ready for some good news. Unfortunately, a marriage proposal from Joe Morelli, the love of her life, isn't quite cutting it. And now--murder, a randy paramour, a wily mobster, death threats, extortion, and a triple kidnapping aside--Stephanie's really got the urge to run for her life...~",2001,Janet Evanovich,2397,122999,337,Mystery,4.15,[]
487,Fade,"SOME NIGHTMARES NEVER END.For Janie and Cabel, real life is getting tougher than the dreams. They're just trying to carve out a little (secret) time together, but no such luck.Disturbing things are happening at Fieldridge High, yet nobody's talking. When Janie taps into a classmate's violent nightmares, the case finally breaks open -- but nothing goes as planned. Not even close. Janie's in way over her head, and Cabe's shocking behavior has grave consequences for them both.Worse yet, Janie learns the truth about herself and her ability -- and it's bleak. Seriously, brutally bleak. Not only is her fate as a dream catcher sealed, but what's to come is way darker than she'd feared....From the inside of ISBN 1416953582/9781416953586",2009,Lisa McMann,2445,52035,248,Young Adult,3.92,[]
488,A Mercy,"In the 1680s the slave trade in the Americas is still in its infancy. Jacob Vaark is an Anglo-Dutch trader and adventurer, with a small holding in the harsh North. Despite his distaste for dealing in “flesh,” he takes a small slave girl in part payment for a bad debt from a plantation owner in Catholic Maryland. This is Florens, who can read and write and might be useful on his farm. Rejected by her mother, Florens looks for love, first from Lina, an older servant woman at her new master's house, and later from the handsome blacksmith, an African, never enslaved, who comes riding into their lives.A Mercy reveals what lies beneath the surface of slavery. But at its heart, like Beloved, it is the ambivalent, disturbing story of a mother and a daughter - a mother who casts off her daughter in order to save her, and a daughter who may never exorcise that abandonment.",2008,Toni Morrison,3263,27089,167,Fiction,3.73,[]
489,The Terror,"The men on board HMS Terror have every expectation of triumph. As part of the 1845 Franklin Expedition, the first steam-powered vessels ever to search for the legendary Northwest Passage, they are as scientifically supported an enterprise as has ever set forth. As they enter a second summer in the Arctic Circle without a thaw, though, they are stranded in a nightmarish landscape of encroaching ice and darkness. Endlessly cold, with diminishing rations, 126 men fight to survive with poisonous food, a dwindling supply of coal, and ships buckling in the grip of crushing ice. But their real enemy is far more terrifying. There is something out there in the frigid darkness: an unseen predator stalking their ship, a monstrous terror constantly clawing to get in.When the expedition's leader, Sir John Franklin, meets a terrible death, Captain Francis Crozier takes command and leads his surviving crewmen on a last, desperate attempt to flee south across the ice. With them travels an Inuit woman who cannot speak and who may be the key to survival, or the harbinger of their deaths. But as another winter approaches, as scurvy and starvation grow more terrible, and as the terror on the ice stalks them southward, Crozier and his men begin to fear that there is no escape.",2007,Dan Simmons,5783,56324,769,Horror,4.07,[]
490,Passion,"Luce would die for Daniel.And she has. Over and over again. Throughout time, Luce and Daniel have found each other, only to be painfully torn apart: Luce dead, Daniel left broken and alone. But perhaps it doesn’t need to be that way… .Luce is certain that something—or someone—in a past life can help her in her present one. So she begins the most important journey of this lifetime… going back eternities to witness firsthand her romances with Daniel… and finally unlock the key to making their love last.Cam and the legions of angels and Outcasts are desperate to catch Luce, but none are as frantic as Daniel. He chases Luce through their shared pasts, terrified of what might happen if she rewrites history.Because their romance for the ages could go up in flames… forever.",2011,Lauren Kate,6316,163322,420,Young Adult,3.86,[]
491,The Night Watch,"This is an alternate cover edition for ISBN 9781594482304.Moving back through the 1940s, through air raids, blacked out streets, illicit liaisons, sexual adventure, to end with its beginning in 1941, The Night Watch is the work of a truly brilliant and compelling storyteller.This is the story of four Londoners – three women and a young man with a past, drawn with absolute truth and intimacy. Kay, who drove an ambulance during the war and lived life at full throttle, now dresses in mannish clothes and wanders the streets with a restless hunger, searching. Helen, clever, sweet, much-loved, harbours a painful secret. Viv, glamour girl, is stubbornly, even foolishly loyal, to her soldier lover. Duncan, an apparent innocent, has had his own demons to fight during the war. Their lives, and their secrets connect in sometimes startling ways. War leads to strange alliances…Tender, tragic and beautifully poignant, set against the backdrop of feats of heroism both epic and ordinary, here is a novel of relationships that offers up subtle surprises and twists. The Night Watch is thrilling. A towering achievement.",2006,Sarah Waters,2233,30124,528,Historical Fiction,3.69,[]
492,Duma Key,"From the Flap:NO MORE THAN A DARK PENCIL LINE ON A BLANK PAGE. A HORIZON LINE, MAYBE, BUT ALSO A SLOT FOR BLACKNESS TO POUR THROUGH . . . A terrible construction site accident takes Edgar Freemantle's right arm and scrambles his memory and his mind, leaving him with little but rage as he begins the ordeal of rehabilitation. A marriage that produced two lovely daughters suddenly ends, and Edgar begins to wish he hadn't survived the injuries that could have killed him. He wants out. His psychologist, Dr. Kamen, suggests a ""geographic cure,"" a new life distant from the Twin Cities and the building business Edgar grew from scratch. And Kamen suggests something else. ""Edgar does anything make you happy?"" ""I used to sketch."" ""Take it up again. You need hedges . . . hedges against the night.""Edgar leaves Minnesota for a rented house on Duma Key, a stunningly beautiful, eerily undeveloped splinter of the Florida coast. The sun setting into the Gulf of Mexico and the tidal rattling of shells on the beach call out to him, and Edgar draws. A visit from Ilse, the daughter he dotes on, starts his movement out of solitude. He meets a kindred spirit in Wireman, a man reluctant to reveal his own wounds, and then Elizabeth Eastlake, a sick old woman whose roots are tangled deep in Duma Key. Now Edgar paints, sometimes feverishly, his exploding talent both a wonder and a weapon. Many of his paintings have a power that cannot be controlled. When Elizabeth's past unfolds and the ghosts of her childhood begin to appear, the damage of which they are capable is truly devastating.The tenacity of love, the perils of creativity, the mysteries of memory and the nature of the supernatural--Stephen King gives us a novel as fascinating as it is gripping and terrifying.",2008,Stephen King,6492,115810,611,Horror,3.96,[]
493,Forever,"then.When Sam met Grace, he was a wolf and she was a girl. Eventually he found a way to become a boy, and their love moved from curious distance to the intense closeness of shared lives.now.That should have been the end of their story. But Grace was not meant to stay human. Now she is the wolf. And the wolves of Mercy Falls are about to be killed in one final, spectacular hunt.forever.Sam would do anything for Grace. But can one boy and one love really change a hostile, predatory world? The past, the present, and the future are about to collide in one pure moment--a moment of death or life, farewell or forever.",2011,Maggie Stiefvater,8421,120426,390,Young Adult,3.89,[]
494,Across the Nightingale Floor,"In his black-walled fortress at Inuyama, the warlord Iida Sadamu surveys his famous nightingale floor. Constructed with exquisite skill, it sings at the tread of each human foot. No assassin can cross it unheard.The youth Takeo has been brought up in a remote mountain village among the Hidden, a reclusive and spiritual people who have taught him only the ways of peace. But unbeknownst to him, his father was a celebrated assassin and a member of the Tribe, an ancient network of families with extraordinary, preternatural skills. When Takeo's village is pillaged, he is rescued and adopted by the mysterious Lord Otori Shigeru. Under the tutelage of Shigeru, he learns that he too possesses the skills of the Tribe. And, with this knowledge, he embarks on a journey that will lead him across the famed nightingale floor—and to his own unimaginable destiny...",2002,Lian Hearn,2407,39992,305,Fantasy,4.06,"[""Okay. I'll try to be as kind and heartfelt as possible. This book is insultingly bad. Normally a bad book is just that, but this book is actually infuriatingly bad. Firstly, it's a fantasy book set in feudal Japan. That's fine. I would think that it being set in Japan, Hearn would have learned anything about the place, but she apparently did not. This book is written as if Hearn simply googled Japan and then decided to write a book on it. I'll go down the list of failings.Religion Japan wasn't Christian. It persecuted Christianity in the same way that Rome did; it's teachings undermined the ruling order. But in Hearn's world everyone is predominantly Christian, or at least they worship a god an awful lot like the Christian god; like looking down on suicide, which was a part of the way of life in Japan. So, okay, Hearn didn't do that justice; base a book of a land and F up their religion, okay. But this is the least of her offenses.Language Other novels written about or in Japan (Shogun, to name one) have tried to successfully capture the way people spoke; saying one thing and meaning another. Hearn tries to do this... I think. It's hard to tell because it is so blunt but she implies that they are saying something else. I guess. Either way the dialogue is awful. There is a two-page dialogue about a characters past that is painfully bad. It isn't emotional, even the character seems to know this, and it isn't realistic. The conversations are flat and would fail if they were imitating normal conversation, in that they should be trying for feudal speech they fail astoundingly.Terrain/Geography/History This is pretty hard to F up but Hearn does it anyway. She apparently read somewhere that Japan gets a lot of earthquakes, so the characters experience them, constantly. This would be informative of the climate and area, but it isn't - it's irritating. All it does is randomly distract from the story. The characters are talking about something and then the author stops to make everything shake, then everyone has to acknowledge the quake, then we resume. Maybe that's real, but it's also retarded. Include the quakes in exposition, don't stop the story to put them in. Realism only goes so far in books. If we had to read every time a character took a piss it wouldn't be interesting either. Now there is the infamous battle of Yaegahara from her book... which is clearly just a ripoff of the real battle of Sekigahara. The infuriating thing is that she uses the feuds, anger, and tension that came from the battle of Sekigahara but apparently didn't want to learn anything about it. Yeah, spending an afternoon researching battles and actual lords would have been so tough. It's insulting to every reader that she would be so lazy as to simply slap a 'Yae' in front of gahara and imitate such an important battle. How about a Japanese person writes a story about America and they talk about the bombing of Mearl Harbor? Or the Bivil War? Gimme a break. If you don't put the time into the work you don't deserve to have the job. Nuff said.Culture I'll just sum up the undulating wave of crap that she wrote under this category as culture. Hearn mentions the tea ceremony and Sesshu to add some sense of where the crap we are, but fails in both. The tea ceremony is highly regarded and ceremonial. It is obvious to anyone that knows anything about it that Hearn has no clue about it. So she simply puts a few ideas in and then assumes job well done. Or not. She does the same with Sesshu, a feudal artist. She drops him in and then completely inaccurately describes his artwork. Secondly, the characters act in no way as they would befitting their setting. Evidently Hearn has no clue about the hierarchy in Japan or how much different it was there than most anywhere else. Peasants were dirt to samurai. Samurai were the dogs of their lords, or daimyo. Or not. Hearn has everyone acting as if they grew up during the 1960's in America and freedom of speech is going strong. People constantly belittle lords, sons of lords, and people of higher rank. Speaking of samurai - THEY ARE CALLED SAMURAI! Why is it Hearn refuses to use the proper names for half of the things she is writing about? She will use fief to describe a lords power despite the fact that the average reader has no idea what a fief is, yet she won't use words like samurai, ninja, ninpo, ninja-to, and ninjitsu even though it's what THE BOOK IS ABOUT. It's as if Hearn was struck by some bizarre fear of using the actual words for anything. Normally this would just irk me, but it is to the point where misunderstanding is common. For example: The wooden training sword is called a boken not a pole. Those are completely different things. Hearn's lack of ability to describe anything leaves the reader with only the words she gives them, so when she says 'two people fight with poles' that is what we see. If she actually meant everyone fights with poles then... ugh, she really would have no clue what she is talking about.Historical Fiction This is not. It is hardly set in Japan. It is set in a place where they use the names of people from Japan. That is about it. The rest of this is the same fantasy garbage that proliferates the genre. And really, if you are going to base a fantasy world off of Japan then it should be pretty similar to it, otherwise why do it? You just like everyone looking Asian?So, aside from the fact that Hearn fails terribly at representing the people she set out to, how's the rest of the book?The characters are weak with unoriginal histories that are not spiced up in the least bit. The love is 'at first sight' which is the trademark of lazy writing. Why bother having to develop feelings when you can just say it was at first sight? Gimme a break. The hero, despite being written in 1st person, is remarkably flat. The beginning has him discovering his destroyed village and yet he seems pretty unperturbed by it. Later he feels something. Sort of.So, crappy characters. What else? Oh, everyone knows things that would be impossible for them to know just to move the story along and build superficial tension. For example: How the hell does a monk living in a temple in the forest know that the main character has acute hearing? Another: How is it everyone and their mom knows the main character is part of some assassin tribe by looking at him? Was his dad Elvis Presley and he looks just like him? I'm pretty sure assassins thing is to be unseen, but I guess that wouldn't make things tense, right Hearn?The prose is weak and most of the story takes place in exposition. They traveled here, they did this, and we are witness to very few of the actual happenings. What results is nothing that anyone really cares about.The only thing that bothers me more about having actually read this book is that anyone thought it was well-written, and worse, that it was awarded with anything. This is an insult to literature and I have very little hope left if this is what most people find 'good'.Show more"", '_Across the nightingale floor_So i decided to share my personal story with this book.. I was about 15-16 years old and a classmate, a good friend of mine had lent me this book. I read it, i loved it and then my brain completely erased all the data i had on the book. I mean, literally, i remembered nothing apart from liking it. Life happened and i forgot about it, but last year i was in a bookstore and i saw the second book of the series sitting on the self in front of me. The title is ""Grass for his pillow"". I stopped, stared at it and immediatly thought of the book that i have read years ago. I remembered how much i enjoyed it and i felt the urge to reread it. So i bought the whole series and the prequel and the sequel. And i am so glad i did. While reading it i had moments like being in a dream, a very distant and familiar dream of mine. The more i read the more i remembered and the more i remembered the more i was enjoying and loving it.  This is a fantasy book set in medieval, feudal ""Japan""(it is not Japan, but it definetely feels like it). The atmosphere is amazing, the writing is amazing (Lian Hearn uses both 1st and 3rd person narrative), great discriptions of the lands and great delineation of the characters. It is raw and brutal, but it is also very, very beautiful. This is a story about war, love, betrayal and revenge. I just loved this book for the second time.Show more', '1 1/2In my review for Graceling I stated that I was a bit of a sucker for romance elements in action type stories. I have, in the past, admitted to, probably, over-rating certain books because the romance element gave me the warm-squishies, even though other aspects of the book were lacking or, at times, downright annoying. (See \'Fire Study\'.)So it\'s a bit ironic that, for this book, I think the romance element between the two protagonists was the weakest aspect of the book. It was so eye-rollingly, groan-inducingly bad that I think the story would\'ve been well-served if it was cut entirely. Or, if not cut, then handled better. Much better. Much, much, much better. I mean, it\'s worse than Romeo and Juliet, and, if you think about it, that\'s pretty bad. Their eyes meet, they\'re instantly deeply and desperately in love, to the point where they\'d rather kill themselves than be without each other. Yes, it really is that bad.Conversely, the romance aspect between two secondary characters was more touching, more realistic, and should\'ve been developed a bit more.But, anyway, even before we got to the eye-rolls of the romance - and I mean this literally. I did actually roll my eyes several times - there were other issues.For one, I didn\'t really dig the narration. It felt simplistic and unengaging. There was a lot of ""I was filled with grief, and I felt tears rolling down my face"" type stuff - in other words, a lot of telling very little showing. Also, when the narration switches from the first-person perspective of the Takeo chapters to the third-person-limited of the Kaede chapters, there\'s not enough change of tone or style. You can tell it\'s the same writer writing both, and just substituting ""I did""s for ""she did""s. I would\'ve appreciated a greater change in tone or texture, but, you know, any change would\'ve been nice.Furthermore, I was really disappointed in the lack of cultural flavor. I know that this isn\'t a historical fantasy in the sense that it\'s set in a set time/place/culture, but it\'s clearly mimicking Japanese culture, but in such a half-assed way that half the time you feel like you could be reading a story set any where and when, and then when an element of Japanese culture is introduced it\'s often more jarring than anything. Especially because some of the elements didn\'t ring true. Granted, I\'m not exactly an authority on Japanese culture, but some of it just didn\'t sit well - such as the slap-dash Tea Ceremony and the way that the bowing lacked hierarchy and protocol. (This was perhaps doubly jarring having read this shortly after Eon which, despite it\'s flaws, captures Asian culture more thoroughly, and weaves it throughout the story, instead of throwing random tidbits out, and Goodman seems to have done a good deal of research on hierarchial protocol, which Hearn seems to have glossed over entirely.)(Oh, yeah - and don\'t forget the random earthquakes, \'cause Japan has a lot of earthquakes, so we need to have a few randomly scattered throughout the story, even though they don\'t really serve a purpose or add to the storyline in any way...)But, that all said, it\'s not all bad. There are elements of the story which are good. I enjoyed watching Takeo grow as a character, his relationship with Shigeru, and developing his abilities that come from ""the Tribe"" (i.e. magical ninjas, because, as we all know, the ability to be a ninja is something which is passed on in the blood... Honestly, I prefer assassin type stories where it\'s a matter of training and honing ability, and less ""you can go invisible \'cause you have magic blood"", but, whatever.) And while certain things that happened didn\'t have near the emotional impact that they ought to have, and would have, I suspect, were the writing better, I still liked many of the elements of the story - the intrigue and double-talk (though, like Eon, the intrigue in this book suffers because you generally know which side everyone is on and there\'s never that guessing of ""whose side is he really on?"" and ""what\'s her angle?"" that a good book with well-written intrigue has).Um - where was I? Good things, right? I got side-tracked.Um - yeah... So.. It was a slow build, but the last quarter was pretty fast-paced, and if it weren\'t for the vomit-fest of the romance, it could\'ve been a solid 3. (With the writing being what it was, I don\'t think it could\'ve ever really managed more than that, though.)I mean, seriously. I wish I could convey just how terrible it was without being spoilery, but I can\'t, so allow me to rant behind tags: The whole ""I just killed a man who tried to rape me"" and ""You just killed the man I came to kill, and my revenge is thwarted"" and the ""But we\'re alive and safe and we love each other (even though we\'ve talked for, roughly, a whole 5 minutes), so let\'s have a 15 minute quickie while people are still fighting and the fucking castle is being burned down - and the effing corpse of the man you just killed is, like, right there!"" and this after the Shigeru and Lady Whatsherface story is just poorly handled and buried... I mean... it was just awful, really.Show more', 'This is a light Feudal Japanese fantasy that focuses heavily on growing up to be an assassin, trembling with desire and love, and reveals that drive the main character to dire measures.Does most of this sound familiar in YA fiction? It should. :)Fortunately, I enjoy light Feudal Japanese fantasies... NARUTO!!! and while this is fairly light on the magic, (sorry, Naruto fans,) the writing is comfortable and predictable and I can firmly put this in the comfort-food category of literature.Special things of note... lots of assassination training and experience! A love story for the ages! Loveable mentors falling to force big decisions on main characters! Sigh... at least I like this kind of thing. :)Show more', 'A fascinating story with riveting characters caught in an intricate web of revenge, romance and betrayal set in feudal Japan. To any who are interested in the Asian culture with its beguiling history and elaborate sense of mystery that is oft knotted in its roots, this book would be the ideal solution. Unfortunately, even with every single element that would have ultimately been the journey of a successful trilogy, the execution fails which renders the story to not quite reach the finish line with flourish. With its plot and the precedence of mystery and ambiguity that the era carries, the story does not capture or mystify you but rather the choppy and quick worded sentences leave you somewhat unfulfilled. The sense that the story does have potential but does not quite reach it is simply saddening. The lack of eloquence in writing is one contributing factor. Although the imagination and the knowledge the author carries of Feudal Japan is immense, the lack of that certain beautiful connectivity between everything makes the book fail at its most crucial points. The climax of the story could have been done in a much regal manner, the beginning could have been used to give the beginner reader the true beauty of the crude yet ruthless lives of the Japanese during the era, the ending could have left us with longing for more. Yet none of these were evoked in me and by the end I was rather left with a ‘meeeehhhhhh’ feeling. The fault is not on the author completely. It is evident that she has given her best and we should truly applaud her on bringing to us such a beautiful beginning of a journey of one family’s rise to power. This is not the end of the Otori family that we’ve heard. It is saddening that we had to read of so many deaths of characters we’ve grown to love and cherish, yet we are once brought to the fact that in the end the story is set Feudal Japan. A time at which war and insurgences were quite the rage- as one could always see- we cannot expect the safety of anyone’s life. The romance is somewhat subdued, not being part of the central plot line still we cannot help but cheer in a small voice to our star-crossed lovers. I know the second book will bring-about obstacles to the youngsters, mainly by the name of Yuki, I am yet intrigued to know the rise and fall of the Otori Clan. With the premonition of Arai falling under the same spell of power, we can be assured to have much more complicating stories further down the series. The rising of the power in the hands of Kaede is one of the best concepts that I would be looking forward and dearly hope the implementation of that plot line would not be wasted in the coming books. Till then I will await for more songs of the Nightingale Floor!Show more', 'It deserves a whole star just for that amazing title! How could you not read a book called Across the Nightingale Floor? So the title was great, the cover was good but how was the story? Well it was pretty good. I enjoyed the Japanese feel to it although by the end I was a little tired of all the honour which obliged people to do anything other than what they wanted to. There were some good characters not all of whom made it to the end of the book! ( a lot of heads rolled). Altogether it was a good read although sadly not good enough to make me search out the sequel.Show more', 'This is a weird book for anyone who has more than a passing knowledge of Japan.The author is a great fan of Japan, its culture and its history. That\'s obvious just by looking at her name, Lian Hearn, which is a pseudonym. According to Wikipedia, it\'s a contraction of ""heron,"" an important bird in the Tales of the Otori series, but it\'s also the surname of one of the most famous Western experts on Japan, Lafcadio Hearn. She\'s gone to great lengths to instill Japanese culture into every part of this book, from the names of people and places to social and political customs, even clothing and holidays. For all intents and purposes, this is a story about feudal Japan.Except it isn\'t.The Tales of the Otori takes place in a kind of alternate-universe Japan, a place where everything is the same except where it isn\'t. Once you get past that, the book becomes a lot of fun to read. And if you don\'t know much about the history and culture of Japan, that all shouldn\'t be a problem.It\'s the story of a boy from an isolated town, one of the Hidden - a small religious sect that faces political and religious ostracism (see Christians in the Edo Period) from an isolationist and power-hungry warlord (see Tokugawa Ieyasu). Young Tomasu is the only survivor of a raid by that warlord - his family, his friend and his people were burned to the ground and he only lived thanks to the appearance of the Lord of the Otori, Shigeru.Wracked with guilt over the death of his brother, Shigeru took Tomasu in as his son, renaming him Takeo. The boy found himself in a new land, with a new home... but that wasn\'t quite all. He soon discovered that he had a secret birthright, passed down through his father. Takeo was a member of The Tribe, a mysterious clan of spies and assassins who possessed near-mystical powers. They could move silently across nearly any floor, they could become invisible, or appear to be in two places at once. They were masters of the shadow and deliverers of death.See Ninja.It\'s a neat story, and the beginning of a series of books which are the author\'s first major foray into adult-ish fiction. It probably qualifies as Young Adult fiction, so if you\'re into that (as I know some of you are), it\'ll be a good read.Thanks to Mom for sending me this....Show more', 'This book was great, I would love to see it made into a movie. It was like reading the plot of a great Kung Fu movie, with a touch of ""Memoirs of a Geisha"" and some magic thrown in. I will eagerly read the next book.', 'I was protesting the Chinese food place down the block today. It\'s ridiculous. None of their offered cuisine is truly Chinese. If I want to eat American I\'ll go to Pizza Hut, thank you very much. If that wasn\'t bad enough I later had lunch at the restaurant next door. They had these little cookies. If you break open the cookies there\'s a piece of paper that pops out with a message of something that might happen to you. This time I didn\'t eat the paper first and read what it said. ""The Tales of the Otori books are set in an imaginary country in a feudal period. Neither the setting nor the period is intended to correspond to any true historical era, though echoes of many Japanese customs and traditions will be found, and the landscape and seasons are those of Japan...."" Alternate reality and borrowing from life isn\'t anything new. Judging by other goodreads reviews it seemed to bug some readers quite a bit. One time I watched Darren Aronsky\'s The Fountain with an ex (a Spaniard) and he snottily asked me if I knew that none of the historical Spanish scenes really happened (I\'ll remember this when I\'ve forgotten his name). C\'mon, alternate history isn\'t new! I\'m sorry, I can\'t focus on Star Wars because Yoda looks familiar. Where have I seen him before (this is going to bug me)? So, warning in fortune cookie book, I can handle it. If you don\'t overlap then you are living alone. Originality is valuable for the extra mile we can\'t walk alone.There\'s a bug infestation. Let me get that... Oops. I think I just changed history when I squashed that bug. It turns out that Tom Cruise was not the very last samurai after all. What harm could that have done? I\'m sure it\'s all right. This is a fantasy novel from 2002. If it came out a little later it would have been published as a young adult novel (market trends and all that). There could be warnings about the odds of young adult fantasy novels being about a young hero who magically has all of the powers he\'s going to need inside of him? More annoyingly (to me), he also has all of the self righteous fuel he\'s going to need. One dead mama, coming up. Hey, I met these hot guys and they just gave me all my ideologies. Neat! I don\'t care if that \'80s ya book ripped off the one child policy from China, if George Lucas liked Japanese films. Everything else with WWII. You can make a better dish out of the same recipe your grandma always used. But the odds are so very high it will taste much the same and I\'ve had this meal before. I\'m a little tired of it. I spit out honor. Where\'s the personal touch? The you that doesn\'t remind me of someone else (honor tastes like chicken). The other person in the same memory. What would you do today if you spent today alone? Set your story in any place you like. Please let me recognize your character from someone else.Across the Nightingale Floor is good when young Takeo interacts with people he meets, be it villagers or the lords he fears or respects, as if he\'s feeling out how to behave. Unfortunately, the first person leaves a lot of time for rhetoric as well as doing. The relationships he doesn\'t know how to already play as if he were Good Will Hunting in front of a chalk board staring down a hard math problem are good. Just live, don\'t think about the end game of power, please. Then the honor! Groans.People are kinda the same and different. Why can\'t worlds and lands be the same way? Kinda different and kinda the same. It\'s when you can\'t work with what you\'ve got that I have a problem. Like if it is already finished (duh, the easy magic!). How about something alternative? Step on another bug (sorry, bugs. I swear that I try not to kill bugs). Change the course again. You can do it if you\'re writing your own story. Kaede, the female lead and different perspective was pretty good. Maybe doesn\'t step far enough out of kinda the same stories of female quasi leads in hero quest fantasies (you know, I\'m a woman. I have to get married, I love that guy, I want to marry for love). She has potential to offer a life that\'s not handed on borrowed fine china because it\'s not magical egotism. At least she wanted someone to trust and the end result wasn\'t defeating something. There are two more books in the series. I\'m probably not going to read them. Not unless I am hungry and don\'t know what else to read. The odds are better that I\'ll find something I couldn\'t have found on my own in someone else\'s day. P.s. Hearn should have kept her real name. Rubenstein! How about taking Lafcadio (where the Hearn comes from)? Lafcadio Rubenstein! Pen names are mightier than swords. That\'s not my fault. I became lame when I changed history.Show more', '4.5 Stars.Takeo cannot fathom, cannot imagine in his wildest thoughts that a man could be violent, physically violent to a fellow man. Takeo is one of the Hidden. A reclusive religious group that denounces all forms of violence. They will not harm another sentient being. The irony is that his father, his true father, was an assassin. Not just any assassin, but a member of the Tribe. Silent killers, gifted with spiritual powers. And his father was the most powerful of them all.One night while out picking mushrooms, Takeo’s little village is attacked. He returns to smoldering wrecks, burning skeletons of buildings that were once home, still aflame. In that moment Takeo’s life changes forever. Bodies lay strewn on the ground; he cannot find his mother and sisters. The triple oak leaf crest identifies the killers as men of Lord Iida’s Tohan clan.Hearn’s story takes place in a fictional world. A world that is obviously very similar to Japan in the feudal era. A world divided between powerful warrior clans. Much like the persecution of Christians in feudal Japan under the Shogunate, Lord Iida is conducting a pogrom against the Hidden. His plan is to wipe them from the three countries completely. He hates their peaceful life, their one true god, everything they stand for. However, Takeo, with the aid of Lord Shigeru escapes the attack. Shigeru is the rightful heir of the Otori clan, the Tohan’s enemy. His father was killed at a great battle which left the Tohan in power, claiming large swathes of Otori land. Instead of taking his life, the honourable death, he believes it will be more worthwhile to stay alive and devote his life to the pursuit of vengeance and revenge by killing Iida. Shigeru, knowing that the Tohan will kill Takeo, takes him under his wing adopting him. This adoption has enormous ramifications. Upon Shiguru’s death, Takeo will inherit and become lord of the Otori clan. While Takeo is training and living in Otori lands, his powers start to emerge. The Tribe, who have connections and spies spread throughout the lands like a giant spiderweb recognize his great powers and decide that he will join them or die. Takeo is not conflicted, his is an easy choice, he owes everything to Shigeru. Even as his powers continue to grow, he has no desire to become a member of the Tribe. However. circumstance will force his hand, force an oath that he is loath to make.This is the first book in Lian Hearn’s “Tale of the Otori” series that I read years ago. After rereading this first book, for me it has lost little of its charm. It is a short and easy read, well written, with a YA feel to it. If you love the feudal era of Japan, with Samurai, Shoguns, ninjas. A world where honor is more important than life. If you enjoy a beautiful love story, in which that love is threatened, assailed from all sides, you may enjoy this wonderful little series.It was originally a trilogy, but Hearn added a fourth book and a prequel. There are also two books now in a new series “Children of the Otori”.Show more', 'Pretty, overall. Very ""wuxia."" I wanted a little more binding everyone together, and a little less sex next to corpses, though.CONTENT WARNINGS: (not actual spoilers, just a list of topics) genocide, attempted rape (lots of attempted rape), rape culture, death of a loved one, death of a child, pretty constant child abuse, torture (a lot of torture) Things to love:-The writing. It really created a painting in your mind of what was happening. I\'m going to also include the narration in here. The audio was excellent.-The sense of injustice & revenge. My skin crawled with every trapped animal thought the women and Takeo had. I wanted everyone who hurt them to suffer. Good news!-The sense of grief. Takeo and Kaede\'s response to their trauma was very well done.Things that made it hard to love:-The romance. I mean yes, very cute, sure. But I\'ve never been like ""oh boy, listen to those people being tortured. Think that guy I talked to once would go out with me?"" Idk. Maybe that\'s just me. I\'d have liked it built in a bit more. Oppression isn\'t sexy, but it might make you desperate. It didn\'t quite feel like we got to that line.-The lack of relationships. Saving someone\'s life may create a bond, yes. But Jesus, Takeo is way too trusting. He ends up bound to every single person he meets! That is a bad trait for someone with his abilities! Give the kid a sandwich and a pat on the back and he\'s willing to die for you. I\'d liked to have had more depth of understanding here. As the relationships were what created the plot, getting them right was pretty crucial. Also? Real dick move at the end there, Takeo. Just an obelisk of asshattery. -A little splainy. God save me from teenage emotions. And if He cannot, please, writers, stop allowing them to inflict themselves on us.A little YA but still very pretty, graphic and satisfying in a grim yet gorgeous world. Don\'t know that I\'m rushing out to find out what happens next, but aside from stumbling into a gruesome world by accident, overall I enjoyed it. Highly recommend the audiobook, the narrators were perfect.Show more', ""This is actually a fantasy novel, but, for marketing purposes it's being sold as fiction. Perhaps it's because the magical elements in this tale are very light and it focuses more on a Japan that never existed. Focus is on two character viewpoints only: a teenage boy in first person and a teenage girl in third person. The mix works and it's one of the first times I've seen such a viewpoint mix, though, I'm sure this author isn't the first to do it. The boy, Tomasau/Taeko, hops around with different names while he's trained by a SHOGUN style samurai in the use of weaponry but also in the use of his magical powers. These powers allow him to go invisible and create an illusionary double of himself . . . but only for short periods. He also has an uncanny hearing ability where he can walk into a house and exactly determine how many people are within. The girl, Kaede, is the political prisoner of another SHOGUN style family where she must suffer insults and pray that prosperity is returned to her family, who were on the losing side of a war. The boy's SHOGUN style savior/father figure is also from a losing side and he is playing a dangerous game: there are some within and outside of his family who want to see him dead. A more powerful SHOGUN style lord has invited him to come to his domain and marry Kaede. But it's all a setup, for they plan to murder him while he is there as well as several of his old supporters, including an old female flame. The boy, of course, is the one hope in saving not only his savior, but, also Kaede, who becomes his love interest by the end of the tale. Look for simple elegance in the writing style, straight forward SHOGUN style politics (though not nearly as complicated as SHOGUN), bloody combat and lots of water symbolism.Show more"", ""Great epic/pseudo-historical fantasy with an amazing setting reminiscent of medieval Japan. This first installment of the Tales of thr Otori managed something epic fantasy rarely does for me: it captured me from the very first page. When you take a look at the plotline, Across the Nightingale Floor has all the ingredients of an average epic fantasy: We have the orphaned hero, who is rescued by a noble stranger and discovers he has special abilities. We have the heroine, who is a pawn in her father's political plays. We have a cruel ruler, intrigue, secret rebellions and forbidden love. Yet this book never felt average or even ordinary to me. Lian Hearn creates a fascinating atmosphere with her vivid descriptions of landscapes, cities and people. This may sound strange, but especially the weather circumstances felt very real to me. I as the reader suffered from the heat, humidity and rain together with the characters.And those characters were enthralling, never seemed flat and I would love to read more about them. But beware: Hearn definitely isn't scared of killing off favourites, so if you can't live with that, you probably should stay away from this novel ;).  The only thing that irked me a little bit: The love at first sight moment between the hero and the heroine. I definitely would have liked to see some more development here, not just one moment of instant attraction. But I have to admit, it didn't annoy me as much as it would have in YA paranormal, for example. Somehow it fits more with this kind of story.Show more"", 'This is the second time I\'ve read this book, but the first time I\'ve read it in English, its original version.The setting is a fictional feudal Japan. There used to be magic in this world but most of it is gone by now. In addition to that, there is a rivalry between two religions, one of which subsequently is prosecuted by some of the warlords in power.Enter Takeo, formerly known as Tomasu, a 15-year-old member of the Hidden (those hiding due to their religion). His village is attacked and he is to be killed but saved last minute by Lord Shigeru Otori. Takeo therefore follows Lord Shigeru and becomes his adoptive son even. Unfortunately, that also places him square in the middle of the power struggle between several clan families that can only end in blood.Caught in this power struggle is another teenager: Kaede. She\'s a political hostage and, since she is female, moved around like an especially precious sack of grain. She is distantly related to the only clan where the female of the line inherit the land (endangering those females even more than great beauty or political alliances already do).However, while Takeo and Kaede are the narrators of this series, they are not really this story\'s center as the author knows how to weave all characters in this story into a tight net. What is more, this first installment definitely is more about Lord Shigeru and Lady Maruyama and the history that has led to where we are now, only setting the stage for Takeo and Kaede.What always gets to me (in real life and fiction) is how the Japanese culture praises nothing so much as ""honour"" but their behaviour shows anything but. How they treat their enemies long after they\'ve won, how they even treat the dead and dying (not to mention how servants or poor(er) people are usually treated), is despicable. To say nothing of their view of women which is, of course, atrocious (in many ways not only as bad as but even worse than it was in countries farther to the west at the same time).The author is a scholar of Japanese culture and language and it shows. Not only has she a beautiful and respectful way of bringing the tales to the page, making every sentence sing as much as the Nightingale floor this first installment of the series is named after. Her knowledge also shows in the people she populated this world with, from high lords to lowly servants. Which is probably also why I always cry like a little girl - in this first book most of all but also in the third and fourth. The injustice of it all, how a little bit of patience on part of one group of people could have resulted in a completely different outcome ... yes, yes, I know, ""it\'s only fiction"" but it all feels so real. Which means I wanted Lord Shigeru to team up with Lord Arai and defeat Lord Innuyama, then kill or at least detain his uncles, before marrying Lady Maruyama and letting Kaede marry Takeo. The story would have been over far more quickly, maybe, and there would have only been the thrill of the intrigue or a major battle, again: maybe, but it would have been sooo nice. Instead, not only was Shigeru killed but how he had to suffer, who had to show him the ultimate mercy and what happened to Lady Maruyama shortly before that and him knowing about it - that was too cruel! And all solely because of that wretched Kenji. *rages*And the nature descriptions (especially of snow and rain and forests) are poetical and sublime!Yes, due to the age of Takeo and Kaede, this can be categorized as YA but it never felt like that to me. Rather, it\'s an epic story of tradition, duty and treachery worthy of any of the old Japanese tales (they sure liked their epic dramas).Last but not least, I have to mention the audio version I\'ve been listening to because both the male and female narrator were very good in correctly pronouncing the Japanese names which is not to be taken for granted. And it\'s certainly wonderful that the producers were thoughtful enough to have a male and female narrator team up to read Takeo\'s and Kaede\'s chapters.Show more', 'I only picked this book up, cause I found it on the book shelf of the ""Science Fiction and Fantasy Book Club"" group here on GR, otherwise I guess I would have never stumbled over this series or the author. And I\'m really glad I did!This is a heart-breaking, bittersweet story set in ancient Japanise times and it has got all the things I love (and love to hate) about those stories. Deep melancholy, beautiful writing, the perpetual feeling of loss and doing the wrong things out of loyalty and a strange obligation of honour. Tragic love included. How I hate reading about those things - and how I\'m drawn to them when they are presented in such a lyrical, silky flowing way like here.I had the pleasure to listen to the audiobook, where the narrators Aiko Nakasone and Kevin Gray enhanced the lyricism and melancholy with their - damn so beautiful! - voices.What a great find. I will definitely read on.Show more', ""Welllll, it won't pass the Bechdel test, but too much about this was surprisingly good so that I have to give it 4 stars. It takes place in a gorgeously painted historical fantasy Japanese world amidst warring clans and secret societies. Seriously, it's beautifully written and there was a tenderness in the prose I couldn't resist. I loved Takeo's and Shigeru's meeting, I loved Takeo's devotion and Shigeru's easy nature. I just wanted to put Takeo and his stupid trusting personality in my pocket and protect him. I wish the whole story had been about those two.Sadly when we're introduced to Kaede all the tired fantasy YA tropes come into play. Young, under threats of rape, has to marry, doesn't want to marry, would rather die, but INSTALOVE with a boy she just glances at. 15-year olds who believe they'll never love anyone else despite not having even spoken more than two words with each other. Pleeeeease.But it was also weirdly... cute? It didn't annoy me as much as usual and it faded into the background by the end of the book as the story focused on loyalites and revenge and grief. I was quite moved at times and will definitely continue with the series.Show more"", '4.0 StarsI love Asian inspired fantasy and this book really scratched that itch. I particularly enjoyed the world building and politics of this imagined nation. I thought the character development was a touch weak at times.The two main perspectives were frustratingly very naive and weak at first, but thankfully they grow throughout the book. The romance was a bit of instalove and I could have done without it.\xa0This first book was surprisingly short and honestly I would have liked it to be longer to allow more time for slower story and character progression. Despite these minor quibbles, I overall really loved this first book. The series feels very addicting and bingeable so I plan to pick up the second book right away.Show more', 'I had first read this back when it was published. As a matter of fact, I have the first three books in hardcover. I loved these books at that time. I have always enjoyed stories about feudal Japan ever since I read Shōgun when I was a tween. (I had to read it after seeing the miniseries!!) While this world isn\'t Japanese, the influence permeates the story.The book is beautifully written. I loved the imagery throughout. Everything from the heron to the song of the crickets lent a depth to the storytelling. And of course the sound of the nightengale floor. That is so intriguing! I watched a video online about these floors. The theory was that an assassin couldn\'t sneak across the floor without the squeeks alerting everyone in the house. Kind of like an alert doberman in a guise of flooring :)The characters were very likeable except when they weren\'t meant to be. There were two couples at the fore. The first couple reminded me a bit of the terrific older couple in ""Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon"", while the younger were a sort of Romeo & Juliet-ish pair. I felt an affinity for all of them.I won\'t give any details regarding the plot since the synopsis sums up the basics.So...the first reading I had given this five stars. At that time in my life this was a five-star tale. Now that I\'m decades older, I decided to give it four and this is for two reasons. First: insta-love. I cannot stand insta-love. Even with that it may still have earned a fifth star, but then we come to the mother of all disturbing reasons. I\'ll mark it under a spoiler tag, but if you\'ve read this book I\'ll bet you can guess what\'s behind the tag. Why the heck were they having sex next to a corpse? How is this titillating? That\'s disturbing as hell! Were we as readers supposed to be swooning over the fact that these two characters finally got lucky...with a corpse right next to them?!?I\'m undecided if I\'ll be re-reading the rest. I mean, I already own them so it\'s not the availability factor. It\'s that disturbing event. Maybe someday.Show more', ""I call Twilight on this one.Man, you can waste so many cool things just by adding magic into the story. It removes any sense of struggle, any effort on the part of the characters. Also, destiny is a dark and sometimes tragic thing, losing control over your own life - not just a way to get everything from life without having to earn it!The characters are flat, the language simplistic, the description basic and lackluster, the cultural coloring nothing beyond popculture crap, the plot contrived, the ending rushed, the motivations...I could go on and on. It basically reads like a bad RPG session of The Legend of the Five Rings.The first half: an incredibly long buildup with no sense of direction. Would be cool: the teenage protagonist, having witnessed the slaughtering of his entire village, goes mute. A psychologically powerful concept which makes Takeo interesting...if it weren't for the stupid-ass explanation later in the story: that it was just his magical ninja powers kicking in...The moment when it gets almost interesting: when all the characters finally meet. Unfortunately, there is no outcome, no conflict, no resolution whatsoever.The second half: virtually just 'ticking boxes'. They go from A to B, killing X and Y, and so on, and so forth.Would be cool: the romance between two secondary characters. They are mature, they are in danger, they both have duties to fulfill, they plan ambitiously to get out of the trouble... Unfortunately, both die offscreen for stupid reasons, like any Star Trek redshirts. The ending: just awful. Gave me nightmares.Stay away from this book. It will give you brain damage.Show more"", ""It took me only about four hours to finish this book. I zoomed through it due to the gripping storyline and the vivid scenery and characters.In a land that is similar to feudal Japan, warlords are battling for power. Takeo is caught in between, inadvertently, when his village is destroyed by the evil Lord Iida and he is taken under Lord Otori Shigeru's wing. Not so surprisingly, Takeo has not manifested powers that come to light while living with Shigeru. While training these powers, he realizes their true purpose: death and assassination. Forced to reconcile his nature while also trying to protect his adoptive father from the political intrigues, Takeo has a few more burdens thrust upon him, one of which is first love. Kaede has been held hostage since the age of 8, and only suffered under it. Now she is to be married off to the Otori Lord as a political pawn. The Tribe, of whom Takeo is descended, also step in to claim back their heritage. Throughout this interwoven plot are a collection of smaller stories and side characters, which all coincide with the larger picture. What I liked most about this novel is that it was one of those rare YA books that don't feel like YA. The characters were realistic. The culture appealing and teaching in an unobtrusive way. And the plot flowed forward from the beginning, never really hitching or coming to a stop and never moving too fast to understand. The whole novel was a delight to read, and I will definitely continue on with the second in the series!Show more"", 'Quick thoughts:-stilted dialogue and flat characters dominate the book-the pseudo-Japanese aspects feel more like lazy research and lack of care especially when... -the narrative misuses the importance and meaning of the tea service, the bowing/social hierarchy that shaped Japan, etc.-the insertion of Christianity into even a faux-version Japan is not awesome or accurate-awkward tense shifts from third to first for different narrators -the narrators each sound exactly the same-ridiculous case of ""eyes meet and love blooms passionately"" instaloveThis book had promise but squandered nearly all of it. Kaede is wasted here. Takeo is flat and boring; their instalove is unnecessary and unbelievable. I am beyond disappointed in a series that I had been looking forward to reading. This was not a good book for me.Show more', ""A great series about ancient Japan with its samurais and their conduct codes, ninja-like fighters, Christians' persecutions; it has political scheming, interesting twists and turns, intriguing liaisons between characters, sword fights, love, treachery, friendship. The characters are well-developed, complex, with inner turmoil and weaknesses.The only thing that disappointed me was the romance element, exaggerated a tad too much in my opinion: when she first laid eyes on him, she started trembling, became feverish and knew she cannot live without him..\n“The less people think of you, the more they will reveal to you or in your presence.” “I believe the test of government is the contentment of the people.”\nShow more"", 'Φαντάζομαι αν ήμουν νεότερη (έφηβη) μπορεί να μου άρεσε. Ήταν μια καλή ιστορία που μιλούσε για την αφοσίωση και θα μπορούσα να πω την αγάπη και το μίσος, τον πόλεμο και τον έρωτα. Ένα παραμυθάκι που ήταν γεμάτο με μαγεία και άτομα με εξαιρετικές ικανότητες. Το πρόβλημα είναι ότι για να μου αρέσει ένα βιβλίο πρέπει να μην υστερεί στις περιγραφές και αυτό είχε σοβαρές ελλείψεις. Δεν μπόρεσα να κάνω εικόνα κανέναν από τους πρωταγωνιστές, μόνο ότι ο ένας ήταν ψηλός, ένας άλλος είχε ωραίο χαμόγελο και η άλλη (επίτηδες δεν βάζω ονόματα) ήταν πολύ όμορφη. Τί φορούσαν; Πώς χτενιζόταν; Πώς ήταν τα όπλα τους; Τα τοπία; Τα κάστρα και τα σπίτια που ζούσανε πώς ήταν; Οι φωνές τους; Τέλος πάντων, ειλικρινά πιστεύω ότι σε εφήβους θα αρέσει, εγώ μάλλον παραμεγάλωσα για αυτό. Show more', 'Ένας εντελώς διαφορετικός κόσμος..... Πολύ ωραίο....', 'Lieblingsbuch.Es wird Zeit für einen Re-Read. Zehn Jahre, nachdem ich es das erste Mal gelesen habe.', ""Across the nightingale floor was a little step away from my usual reading material but the rave reviews intrigued me so I gave it a shot. I rashly bought all 5 books in the series and now I'm doubting the wisdom of that.Just because it's aimed at a lower age group, doesn't mean it has to be childish but if I'm honest, I found it quite slow despite the killing and the violence and the love interest. The lead character finds he isn't the person he thought he was and discovers special talents he didn't know he had. He falls in love with a girl he shouldn't and loses most of what he holds dear.I'm not actually sure how I feel about the book. I liked it enough to get through it and I kept turning pages to see where it was going but I never really connected with the characters and I'm not left hungry to find out what happened next. Considering I've already spent money on the remaining books, I expect I'll get around to finding out eventually but I wouldn't bother if I hadn't already got them.It has a feel of feudal Japan to it and reminded me in parts of 'House of Flying daggers' (which is one of my favourite films), and that may be why I persevered with it.It's aimed at younger readers but has adult themes running though it and perhaps that's where my ambiguity is coming from....it's adult enough to make it enjoyable, but not enough to make it engrossing.I don't know. I'm torn.It's not a bad book though. Despite all the violence and killing, it's actually quite a gentle book and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it for younger readers.Think of it as a mashup of 'House of Flying daggers' and 'Crouching Tiger' but for a younger audience.Show more"", 'I had never heard of this book or the author until a new acquaintance suggested it to me, but I was instantly swept off my feet, from the very first paragraph. Right away, I was caught up in an epic saga—and I don’t use that word “epic” lightly. This story, rich in history and traditions, stretches across a vast landscape, peopled with three main warring tribes, plus The Hidden, which is what the young protagonist belongs to before his life is forever changed the day his village is destroyed. In addition to the author’s captivating use of language, the details of time and place bring the world she creates vividly to life. There are so many harrowing scenes, so much magical realism, and so many power struggles. And in the middle of such dramatic life and death dynamics, a true and lasting love takes root and holds, just like my attention did all the way through the book. I honestly came away feeling as if my life had been enriched by having gone on this fascinating adventure, from the safety of my own Kindle. I truly loved it!Show more', ""4.5 starsA great read with some beautiful prose. The setting was utterly Japanese without actually being set in Japan (it's an imaginary Japanese-inspired country, with constructs from the Edo/Tokugawa period) and the author pulled it off marvelously. My only real beef (and it's a tiny one) was near the ending of the novel. Since our protag and narrator is  essentially taken off board for the crisis-point in the book, we get to find out about Lord Otori's fate essentially after the fact. This made the climax a little less dramatic than it could have been imho. But still, a worthy read for anyone interested in the period/setting.Show more"", 'Interesting setting in a (fantastical) Japan. Enjoyable story and characters. I especially liked that Kaede, the female protagonist, was not simply a damsel in distress. But I could have done without the instalove.', '3.5⭐️A great potential wasted on nonsensical romance between two raging hormones. This was a fantastic read minus that painful insta-love that literally developed the very moment the two laid eyes on one another. At the very least learn each other’s fucking names first!Show more']"
495,Sovereign,"Autumn, 1541. King Henry VIII has set out on a spectacular Progress to the North to attend an extravagant submission by his rebellious subjects in York.Already in the city are lawyer Matthew Shardlake and his assistant Jack Barak. As well as legal work processing petitions to the King, Shardlake has reluctantly undertaken a secret mission for Archbishop Cranmer – to ensure the welfare of an important but dangerous conspirator who is to be returned to London for interrogation.But the murder of a York glazier involves Shardlake in deeper mysteries, connected not only to the prisoner in York Castle but to the royal family itself. And when Shardlake and Barak stumble upon a cache of secret documents which could threaten the Tudor throne, a chain of events unfolds that will lead to Shardlake facing the most terrifying fate of the age . . .",2006,C.J. Sansom,1381,27736,583,Historical Fiction,4.23,[]
496,Lirael,"Lirael has never felt like a true daughter of the Clayr. Now, two years past the time when she should have received the Sight that is the Clayr's birthright, she feels alone, abandoned, unsure of who she is. Nevertheless, the fate of the Old Kingdom lies in her hands. With only her faithful companion, the Disreputable Dog, Lirael must undertake a desperate mission under the growing shadow of an ancient evil.In this sequel to Sabriel, winner of the Aurealis Award for Excellence in Australian Science Fiction, New York Times best-selling author Garth Nix weaves a spellbinding tale of discovery, destiny, and danger.",2001,Garth Nix,3585,115173,464,Fantasy,4.28,[]
497,Hopeless,"Sometimes discovering the truth can leave you more hopeless than believing the lies…That’s what seventeen-year-old Sky realizes after she meets Dean Holder. A guy with a reputation that rivals her own and an uncanny ability to invoke feelings in her she’s never had before. He terrifies her and captivates her all in the span of just one encounter, and something about the way he makes her feel sparks buried memories from a past that she wishes could just stay buried.Sky struggles to keep him at a distance knowing he’s nothing but trouble, but Holder insists on learning everything about her. After finally caving to his unwavering pursuit, Sky soon finds that Holder isn’t at all who he’s been claiming to be. When the secrets he’s been keeping are finally revealed, every single facet of Sky’s life will change forever.",2012,Colleen Hoover,33175,439025,410,Romance,4.28,[]
498,Star of the Sea,"In the bitter winter of 1847, from an Ireland torn by famine and injustice, the Star of the Sea sets sail for NewYork. On board are hundreds of refugees, some optimistic, many more desperate. Among them are a maid with a devastating secret, the bankrupt Lord Merridith, his wife and children, and a killer stalking the decks, hungry for the vengeance that will bring absolution. This journey will see many lives end, others begin anew. Passionate loves are tenderly recalled, shirked responsibilities regretted too late, and profound relationships shockingly revealed. In this spellbinding tale of tragedy and mercy, love and healing, the farther the ship sails toward the Promised Land, the more her passengers seem moored to a past that will never let them go. As urgently contemporary as it is historical, this exciting and compassionate novel builds with the pace of a thriller to a stunning conclusion. ",2002,Joseph O'Connor,759,10354,432,Historical Fiction,3.91,[]
499,The Lost City of Z,"A grand mystery reaching back centuries. A sensational disappearance that made headlines around the world. A quest for truth that leads to death, madness or disappearance for those who seek to solve it. The Lost City of Z is a blockbuster adventure narrative about what lies beneath the impenetrable jungle canopy of the Amazon.After stumbling upon a hidden trove of diaries, New Yorker writer David Grann set out to solve ""the greatest exploration mystery of the 20th century"": What happened to the British explorer Percy Fawcett & his quest for the Lost City of Z?In 1925, Fawcett ventured into the Amazon to find an ancient civilization, hoping to make one of the most important discoveries in history. For centuries Europeans believed the world's largest jungle concealed the glittering kingdom of El Dorado. Thousands had died looking for it, leaving many scientists convinced that the Amazon was truly inimical to humans. But Fawcett, whose daring expeditions inspired Conan Doyle's The Lost World, had spent years building his scientific case. Captivating the imagination of millions round the globe, Fawcett embarked with his 21-year-old son, determined to prove that this ancient civilisation--which he dubbed Z--existed. Then his expedition vanished. Fawcett's fate, & the tantalizing clues he left behind about Z, became an obsession for hundreds who followed him into the uncharted wilderness. For decades scientists & adventurers have searched for evidence of Fawcett's party & the lost City of Z. Countless have perished, been captured by tribes or gone mad. As Grann delved ever deeper into the mystery surrounding Fawcett's quest, & the greater mystery of what lies within the Amazon, he found himself, like the generations who preceded him, being irresistibly drawn into the jungle's green hell. His quest for the truth & discoveries about Fawcett's fate & Z form the heart of this complexly enthralling narrative.",2009,David Grann,6766,84920,339,Nonfiction,3.86,[]
500,In the Night Garden,"A Book of Wonders for Grown-Up ReadersEvery once in a great while a book comes along that reminds us of the magic spell that stories can cast over us to dazzle, entertain, and enlighten. Welcome to the Arabian Nights for our time a lush and fantastical epic guaranteed to spirit you away from the very first page.Secreted away in a garden, a lonely girl spins stories to warm a curious prince: peculiar feats and unspeakable fates that loop through each other and back again to meet in the tapestry of her voice. Inked on her eyelids, each twisting, tattooed tale is a piece in the puzzle of the girl's own hidden history. And what tales she tells! Tales of shape-shifting witches and wild horsewomen, heron kings and beast princesses, snake gods, dog monks, and living stars each story more strange and fantastic than the one that came before. From ill-tempered mermaid to fastidious Beast, nothing is ever quite what it seems in these ever-shifting tales even, and especially, their teller. Adorned with illustrations by the legendary Michael Kaluta, Valente's enchanting lyrical fantasy offers a breathtaking reinvention of the untold myths and dark fairy tales that shape our dreams. And just when you think you've come to the end, you realize the adventure has only begun.",2006,Catherynne M. Valente,935,9162,483,Fantasy,4.01,[]
501,Inheritance,"It began with Eragon... It ends with Inheritance.Not so very long ago, Eragon — Shadeslayer, Dragon Rider — was nothing more than a poor farm boy, and his dragon, Saphira, only a blue stone in the forest. Now the fate of an entire civilization rests on their shoulders.Long months of training and battle have brought victories and hope, but they have also brought heartbreaking loss. And still, the real battle lies ahead: they must confront Galbatorix. When they do, they will have to be strong enough to defeat him. And if they cannot, no one can. There will be no second chance.The Rider and his dragon have come further than anyone dared to hope. But can they topple the evil king and restore justice to Alagaësia? And if so, at what cost?This is the spellbinding conclusion to Christopher Paolini's worldwide bestselling Inheritance cycle.",2011,Christopher Paolini,11165,252780,849,Fantasy,4.12,[]
502,The Snowman,"Oslo in November. The first snow of the season has fallen. A boy named Jonas wakes in the night to find his mother gone. Out his window, in the cold moonlight, he sees the snowman that inexplicably appeared in the yard earlier in the day. Around its neck is his mother's pink scarf. Hole suspects a link between a menacing letter he's received and the disappearance of Jonas's mother - and of perhaps a dozen other women, all of whom went missing on the day of a first snowfall. As his investigation deepens, something else emerges: he is becoming a pawn in an increasingly terrifying game whose rules are devised - and constantly revised - by the killer.",2007,Jo Nesbø,9666,130087,383,Mystery,4.02,[]
503,Burned,The next exciting instalment in the adventures of Zoey Redbird at the House of Night school for vampyres.,2010,P.C. Cast,3371,153864,323,Young Adult,3.96,[]
504,Dead Witch Walking,"All the creatures of the night gather in ""the Hollows"" of Cincinnati, to hide, to prowl, to party... and to feed.Vampires rule the darkness in a predator-eat-predator world rife with dangers beyond imagining - and it's Rachel Morgan's job to keep that world civilized.A bounty hunter and witch with serious sex appeal and an attitude, she'll bring 'em back alive, dead... or undead.",2004,Kim Harrison,5307,122620,416,Urban Fantasy,4.03,[]
505,Kushiel's Dart,"The land of Terre d'Ange is a place of unsurpassing beauty and grace. It is said that angels found the land and saw it was good... and the ensuing race that rose from the seed of angels and men live by one simple rule: Love as thou wilt. Phèdre nó Delaunay is a young woman who was born with a scarlet mote in her left eye. Sold into indentured servitude as a child, her bond is purchased by Anafiel Delaunay, a nobleman with very a special mission... and the first one to recognize who and what she is: one pricked by Kushiel's Dart, chosen to forever experience pain and pleasure as one.Phèdre is trained equally in the courtly arts and the talents of the bedchamber, but, above all, the ability to observe, remember, and analyze. Almost as talented a spy as she is courtesan, Phèdre stumbles upon a plot that threatens the very foundations of her homeland. Treachery sets her on her path; love and honor goad her further. And in the doing, it will take her to the edge of despair... and beyond. Hateful friend, loving enemy, beloved assassin; they can all wear the same glittering mask in this world, and Phèdre will get but one chance to save all that she holds dear. Set in a world of cunning poets, deadly courtiers, heroic traitors, and a truly Machiavellian villainess, this is a novel of grandeur, luxuriance, sacrifice, betrayal, and deeply laid conspiracies. Not since Dune has there been an epic on the scale of Kushiel's Dart-a massive tale about the violent death of an old age, and the birth of a new.",2001,Jacqueline Carey,4570,77293,1040,Fantasy,4.02,[]
506,Midnight Sun [2008 Draft],"The record for the completed novel can be found here. Midnight Sun is the much anticipated retelling of Twilight from Edward Cullen's perspective. An unedited partial draft was illegally leaked onto the internet in 2008; consequently, author Stephenie Meyer put the project on indefinite hold. Shortly afterward, she posted a letter to her fans on her website including a link to the entire partial draft of the book so that those who wanted to read it could do so legally and with her consent. Note: Do not add a cover. Do not add translations. Do not add any other editions. Do not combine with editions of the full work. Do not add this book record to any series.",2008,Stephenie Meyer,9354,148478,264,Young Adult,4.01,[]
507,The Angel Experiment,"Six unforgettable kids — with no families, no homes — are running for their lives. Max Ride and her best friends have the ability to fly. And that's just the beginning of their amazing powers. But they don't know where they come from, who's hunting them, why they are different from all other humans... and if they're meant to save mankind — or destroy it.",2005,James Patterson,9801,219437,445,Young Adult,4.07,[]
508,Aegis Rising,"Over a remote northern forest, a small plane carrying five teenage friends flies into a freak storm. Struck by lightning, the aircraft crashes and the passengers find themselves cast into a life-changing adventure.In a hidden valley, a mysterious people gaze at the stormy sky as a glowing object with fiery wings disappears behind a mountain ridge. The astonishing sight reignites an ancient prophecy foretelling the arrival of five chosen ones destined to become bearers of light against a dark storm gathering on humanity's horizon.In a distant city, a secretive organization led by a shadowy figure initiates a sequence of cataclysmic events designed to wreak havoc across the planet, beginning with a remote mining site in a northern Canada.As the three worlds collide, unlikely heroes arise. Armed with powers entrusted to them by the ancient prophecy and the resilience of their life-long bond, the five teens take a stand against a malevolent foe.",2013,S.S. Segran,98,2490,448,Fantasy,3.59,[]
509,Gone,"There is an alternate cover edition for this ISBN13 here.Things should be great for Janie—she has graduated from high school and is spending her summer with Cabel, the guy she’s totally in love with. But deep down she’s panicking about how she’s going to survive her future when getting sucked into other people’s dreams is really starting to take its toll.Things get even more complicated when she meets her father for the very first time—and he’s in a coma. As Janie uncovers his secret past, she begins to realize that the choice thought she had has more dire consequences than she ever imagined.",2010,Lisa McMann,2016,31063,214,Young Adult,3.71,[]
510,Fire,"It is not a peaceful time in the Dells. The young King Nash clings to his throne while rebel lords in the north and south build armies to unseat him. The mountains and forests are filled with spies and thieves and lawless men.This is where Fire lives. With a wild, irresistible appearance and hair the color of flame, Fire is the last remaining human monster. Equally hated and adored, she had the unique ability to control minds, but she guards her power, unwilling to steal the secrets of innocent people. Especially when she has so many of her own.Then Prince Brigan comes to bring her to King City, The royal family needs her help to uncover the plot against the king. Far away from home, Fire begins to realize there's more to her power than she ever dreamed. Her power could save the kingdom.If only she weren't afraid of becoming the monster her father was.",2009,Kristin Cashore,11544,178886,480,Fantasy,4.10,[]
511,The Raw Shark Texts,"Eric Sanderson wakes up in a house one day with no idea who or where he is. A note instructs him to see a Dr. Randle immediately, who informs him that he is undergoing yet another episode of acute memory loss that is a symptom of his severe dissociative disorder. Eric's been in Dr. Randle's care for two years -- since the tragic death of his great love, Clio, while the two vacationed in the Greek islands.But there may be more to the story, or it may be a different story altogether. As Eric begins to examine letters and papers left in the house by ""the first Eric Sanderson,"" a staggeringly different explanation for what is happening to Eric emerges, and he and the reader embark on a quest to recover the truth and escape the remorseless predatory forces that threatens to devour him.The Raw Shark Texts is a kaleidoscopic novel about the magnitude of love and the devastating effect of losing that love. It will dazzle you, it will move you, and will leave an indelible imprint like nothing you have read in a long time.",2007,Steven  Hall,2014,19923,427,Fiction,3.82,[]
512,Alexander Hamilton,"An alternate cover edition can be found here.Pulitzer Prize-winning author Ron Chernow presents a landmark biography of Alexander Hamilton, the Founding Father who galvanized, inspired, scandalized, and shaped the newborn nation.In the first full-length biography of Alexander Hamilton in decades, Ron Chernow tells the riveting story of a man who overcame all odds to shape, inspire, and scandalize the newborn America. According to historian Joseph Ellis, 
Alexander Hamilton
 is “a robust full-length portrait, in my view the best ever written, of the most brilliant, charismatic and dangerous founder of them all.”Few figures in American history have been more hotly debated or more grossly misunderstood than Alexander Hamilton. Chernow’s biography gives Hamilton his due and sets the record straight, deftly illustrating that the political and economic greatness of today’s America is the result of Hamilton’s countless sacrifices to champion ideas that were often wildly disputed during his time. “To repudiate his legacy,” Chernow writes, “is, in many ways, to repudiate the modern world.” Chernow here recounts Hamilton’s turbulent life: an illegitimate, largely self-taught orphan from the Caribbean, he came out of nowhere to take America by storm, rising to become George Washington’s aide-de-camp in the Continental Army, coauthoring The Federalist Papers, founding the Bank of New York, leading the Federalist Party, and becoming the first Treasury Secretary of the United States.Historians have long told the story of America’s birth as the triumph of Jefferson’s democratic ideals over the aristocratic intentions of Hamilton. Chernow presents an entirely different man, whose legendary ambitions were motivated not merely by self-interest but by passionate patriotism and a stubborn will to build the foundations of American prosperity and power. His is a Hamilton far more human than we’ve encountered before—from his shame about his birth to his fiery aspirations, from his intimate relationships with childhood friends to his titanic feuds with Jefferson, Madison, Adams, Monroe, and Burr, and from his highly public affair with Maria Reynolds to his loving marriage to his loyal wife Eliza. And never before has there been a more vivid account of Hamilton’s famous and mysterious death in a duel with Aaron Burr in July of 1804.Chernow’s biography is not just a portrait of Hamilton, but the story of America’s birth seen through its most central figure. At a critical time to look back to our roots, 
Alexander Hamilton
 will remind readers of the purpose of our institutions and our heritage as Americans.",2004,Ron Chernow,9723,169089,818,History,4.22,[]
513,Pattern Recognition,"Cayce Pollard is an expensive, spookily intuitive market-research consultant. In London on a job, she is offered a secret assignment: to investigate some intriguing snippets of video that have been appearing on the Internet. An entire subculture of people is obsessed with these bits of footage, and anybody who can create that kind of brand loyalty would be a gold mine for Cayce's client. But when her borrowed apartment is burgled and her computer hacked, she realizes there's more to this project than she had expected.Still, Cayce is her father's daughter, and the danger makes her stubborn. Win Pollard, ex-security expert, probably ex-CIA, took a taxi in the direction of the World Trade Center on September 11 one year ago, and is presumed dead. Win taught Cayce a bit about the way agents work. She is still numb at his loss, and, as much for him as for any other reason, she refuses to give up this newly weird job, which will take her to Tokyo and on to Russia. With help and betrayal from equally unlikely quarters, Cayce will follow the trail of the mysterious film to its source, and in the process will learn something about her father's life and death.",2003,William Gibson,2346,49364,367,Science Fiction,3.87,[]
514,Phantom Wolf,"Alternate cover for this ISBN can be found hereSia is a Phantom Wolf. Neither dead nor alive--and rotting from the inside--she is on the edge of her curse. Once a Phantom Wolf has been created, they hunt their blood pack and slaughter all their loved ones. Except for Sia, who woke years after her death to find herself rampaging through the land on a lonely path. She continues to run from the rival pack that hunts her because she is a Phantom Wolf. Attracted to a scent, Sia finds her old best friend, who is now a grown woman. Having once saved Keeley, Sia takes the role of protector yet again, despite Keeley's involvement with the mysterious Alpha, Kiba, and his kin brother, Saith. An ambush separates the pack and the four of them blindly fight the new warriors that attack them: desperately needing to find out where the attacks are coming from, as Sia has vowed to protect Keeley. But at what cost?Now being chased, Sia finds herself conflicted by the mortal and spirit world while trying to protect her kin. Sia must confront her fears, as well as the human lover who killed her many years before. It is not only survival Sia contends with, but her own façade that must be broken so that she may find peace within herself once more.",2014,Kia Carrington-Russell,47,2160,191,Fantasy,3.54,[]
515,Throne of Novoxos,"Previously published cover for ASIN B00M9QVKWUThe brave warrior, Prince Comron Van Laven, lays at death’s door after a near fatal transport crash. His life is in the hands of his mortal enemy who does the unthinkable…she saves him…in so many ways. Together the two must battle for survival against the harsh elements, deadly assassins and vicious animal attacks. But that’s only the beginning of their struggles.Once rescued, they must confront the bitter enmity that exists between their worlds, in addition to the dark family secrets threatening to destroy them. Bound by their deep bond, the two embark on a new odyssey where all forces have turned against them and are seeking their lives. But with the help of some shadowy mercenaries, the two just might make it to the throne of Novoxos to stake their royal claim and defeat their enemies.",2014,Tyler Chase,128,2388,437,Science Fiction,3.61,[]
516,Hard Eight,"Length: 8 hrs and 31 minsFugitive Apprehension Agent Stephanie Plum has a big problem on her hands: Seven-year-old Annie Soder and her mother, Evelyn, have disappeared.Evelyn's estranged husband, Steven, a shady owner of a seedy bar, is not at all happy. During the divorce proceedings, he and Evelyn signed a child custody bond, and Steven is demanding the money guaranteed by the bond to find Annie. The money was secured by a mortgage on Evelyn's grandmother's house, and the True Blue Bonds Bail Agency wants to take possession of the house.Finding a kidnapped child is not an assignment for a bounty hunter. But Evelyn's grandmother lives next door to Stephanie's parents, and Stephanie's mother and grandmother are not about to see their neighbor lose her house because of abduction.Even though Stephanie's plate is full with miscreants who missed their court dates, including old nemesis and violent drunk Andy Bender and an elusive little old lady accused of grand theft auto, she can't disappoint Grandma Mazur! So she follows the trail left by Annie and Evelyn-- and finds a lot more than she bargained for. Steven is somehow linked with a very scary Eddie Abruzzi. Trenton cop and on-again, off-again fiance Joe Morelli and Stephanie's mentor and tormentor, Ranger, warn Stephanie about Abruzzi, but it's Abruzzi's eyes and mannerisms that frighten Stephanie the most. Stephanie needs Ranger's savvy and expertise, and she's willing to accept his help to find Annie even though it might mean becoming too involved with Ranger.Stephanie, Ranger, Lula (who's not going to miss riding with Ranger), and Evelyn's lawyer/laundromat manager set out to find Annie. The search turns out to be a race among Stephanie's posse, the True Blue Bonds' agent, a Rangerette known as Jeanne Ellen Burrows, and the Abruzzi crew. Not to mention the fact that there's a killer rabbit on the loose!Strap on your helmet and get ready for the ride of your life. Hard Eight. The world of Plum has never been wilder.",2002,Janet Evanovich,2453,121578,326,Mystery,4.16,[]
517,Saving CeeCee Honeycutt,"Twelve-year-old CeeCee is in trouble. For years she’s been the caretaker of her psychotic mother, Camille— the crown-wearing, lipstick-smeared laughingstock of an entire town. Though it’s 1967 and they live in Ohio, Camille believes it’s 1951 and she’s just been crowned the Vidalia Onion Queen of Georgia.The day CeeCee discovers Camille in the front yard wearing a tattered prom dress and tiara as she blows kisses to passing motorists, she knows her mother has completely flipped. When tragedy strikes, Tootie Caldwell, a previously unknown great-aunt comes to CeeCee’s rescue and whisks her away to Savannah. Within hours of her arrival, CeeCee is catapulted into a perfumed world of prosperity and Southern eccentricities—a world that appears to be run entirely by women.While Tootie is busy saving Savannah’s endangered historic homes from the wrecking ball, CeeCee encounters a cast of unforgettable, eccentric characters. From the mysterious Thelma Rae Goodpepper, who bathes in an outdoor tub under the watchful eyes of a voyeuristic peacock, to Oletta Jones, the all-knowing household cook, to Violene Hobbs, the loud-mouthed widow who entertains a local police officer in her yellow see-through peignoir, the women of Gaston Street keep CeeCee entertained and enthralled for an entire summer.But CeeCee’s view of the world is challenged in ways she could have never imagined: there are secrets to keep, injustices to face, and loyalties to uphold. Just as she begins to find her ballast and experiences a sense of belonging, her newfound joy collides with the long-held fear that her mother’s legacy has left her destined for destruction.Laugh-out-loud funny, at times heartbreaking, and written in a pitch-perfect voice, Saving CeeCee Honeycutt is a spirited Southern tale that explores the intricate frailties and strengths of female relationships while illuminating the journey of a young girl who loses her mother but finds many others.",2010,Beth Hoffman,9180,82386,306,Fiction,3.95,[]
518,Trust,"They are beautiful. They are rich. They are strong willed and successful. They have everything, but love. And each one of them has a dark secret looming in their past.Sophia is a 25 year old Brazilian widow. Intelligent and ravishing, she flees from her own country after a tragic incident. Hiding from everyone and everything, she remains alone, torn between the love for a dead man, the torment of living without part of her memory and the fear of moving on. Ethan is one of the most important tycoons in the steel industry. As the memory of an awful evening in his adolescence haunts him night and day, he keeps looking for an elusive woman whom he could love - and who would love him - as he never has in all his 35 years... Until he finds Sophia. Alistair is a 34 year old powerful banker, searching for one–night stands with women who will warm his bed. And that he can punish physically to abate his anger for his late wife's black deeds and his own guilt for being such a debauched man for so many years. Any woman will do, and he has many to choose from, as they all fall instantly for his manly, devilish charming ways.In Europe, in the months after October 2009, their paths will cross and clash. Who will win the prize of love?This book is the first installment of a trilogy.It is intended for 18 and up.",2012,Cristiane Serruya,146,2754,464,Romance,3.54,[]
519,A Court of Mist and Fury,"Feyre survived Amarantha's clutches to return to the Spring Court—but at a steep cost. Though she now has the powers of the High Fae, her heart remains human, and it can't forget the terrible deeds she performed to save Tamlin's people.Nor has Feyre forgotten her bargain with Rhysand, High Lord of the feared Night Court. As Feyre navigates its dark web of politics, passion, and dazzling power, a greater evil looms—and she might be key to stopping it. But only if she can harness her harrowing gifts, heal her fractured soul, and decide how she wishes to shape her future—and the future of a world cleaved in two.With more than a million copies sold of her beloved Throne of Glass series, Sarah J. Maas's masterful storytelling brings this second book in her seductive and action-packed series to new heights.",2016,Sarah J. Maas,90227,1009314,626,Fantasy,4.63,[]
520,Iron Kissed,"I could smell her fear, and it satisfied something deep inside me that had been writhing under her cool, superior gaze. I curled my upper lip so she could get a good look at my sharp teeth. I might only weigh thirty or so pounds in my coyote shape, but I was a predator...Mechanic Mercy Thompson can shift her shape - but not her loyalty. When her former boss and mentor is arrested for murder and left to rot behind bars by his own kind, it's up to Mercy to clear his name, whether he wants her to or not.Mercy's loyalty is under pressure from other directions, too. Werewolves are not known for their patience, and if Mercy can't decide between the two she cares for, Sam and Adam may make the choice for her...",2008,Patricia Briggs,4407,119976,287,Urban Fantasy,4.34,[]
521,Bossypants,"Before Liz Lemon, before ""Weekend Update,"" before ""Sarah Palin,"" Tina Fey was just a young girl with a dream: a recurring stress dream that she was being chased through a local airport by her middle-school gym teacher. She also had a dream that one day she would be a comedian on TV.She has seen both these dreams come true.At last, Tina Fey's story can be told. From her youthful days as a vicious nerd to her tour of duty on Saturday Night Live; from her passionately halfhearted pursuit of physical beauty to her life as a mother eating things off the floor; from her one-sided college romance to her nearly fatal honeymoon—from the beginning of this paragraph to this final sentence.Tina Fey reveals all, and proves what we've all suspected: you're no one until someone calls you bossy.",2011,Tina Fey,41350,962039,283,Nonfiction,3.96,[]
522,Peony in Love,"In seventeenth-century China, three women become emotionally involved with The Peony Pavilion, a famed opera rumored to cause lovesickness and even death, including Peony, the cloistered daughter of a wealthy scholar, who succumbs to its spell only to return after her death as a ""hungry ghost"" to haunt her former fiancé, who has married another.",2007,Lisa See,4750,46319,273,Historical Fiction,3.63,[]
523,The Book of Salt,"Binh, a Vietnamese cook, flees Saigon in 1929, disgracing his family to serve as a galley hand at sea. The taunts of his now-deceased father ringing in his ears, Binh answers an ad for a live-in cook at a Parisian household, and soon finds himself employed by Gertrude Stein and Alice B. Toklas.Toklas and Stein hold court in their literary salon, for which the devoted yet acerbic Binh serves as chef, and as a keen observer of his ""Mesdames"" and their distinguished guests. But when the enigmatic literary ladies decide to journey back to America, Binh is faced with a monumental choice: will he, the self-imposed ""exile,"" accompany them to yet another new country, return to his native Vietnam, or make Paris his home?",2003,Monique Truong,825,5835,261,Fiction,3.52,[]
524,Aristotle and Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe,"Dante can swim. Ari can't. Dante is articulate and self-assured. Ari has a hard time with words and suffers from self-doubt. Dante gets lost in poetry and art. Ari gets lost in thoughts of his older brother who is in prison. Dante is fair skinned. Ari's features are much darker. It seems that a boy like Dante, with his open and unique perspective on life, would be the last person to break down the walls that Ari has built around himself.But against all odds, when Ari and Dante meet, they develop a special bond that will teach them the most important truths of their lives, and help define the people they want to be. But there are big hurdles in their way, and only by believing in each other―and the power of their friendship―can Ari and Dante emerge stronger on the other side.",2012,Benjamin Alire Sáenz,64375,521848,390,Young Adult,4.33,[]
525,The Nix,"A hilarious and deeply touching debut novel about a son, the mother who left him as a child, and how his search to uncover the secrets of her life leads him to reclaim his own.Meet Samuel Andresen-Anderson: stalled writer, bored teacher at a local college, obsessive player of an online video game. He hasn't seen his mother, Faye, since she walked out when he was a child. But then one day there she is, all over the news, throwing rocks at a presidential candidate. The media paints Faye as a militant radical with a sordid past, but as far as Samuel knows, his mother never left her small Iowa town. Which version of his mother is the true one? Determined to solve the puzzle--and finally have something to deliver to his publisher--Samuel decides to capitalize on his mother's new fame by writing a tell-all biography, a book that will savage her intimately, publicly. But first, he has to locate her; and second, to talk to her without bursting into tears. As Samuel begins to excavate her history, the story moves from the rural Midwest of the 1960s to New York City during the Great Recession and Occupy Wall Street to the infamous riots at the 1968 Chicago Democratic National Convention, and finally to Norway, home of the mysterious Nix that his mother told him about as a child. And in these places, Samuel will unexpectedly find that he has to rethink everything he ever knew about his mother--a woman with an epic story of her own, a story she kept hidden from the world.",2016,Nathan  Hill,8387,68005,640,Fiction,4.07,[]
526,A Dog's Purpose,"This is the remarkable story of one endearing dog's search for his purpose over the course of several lives. More than just another charming dog story, this touches on the universal quest for an answer to life's most basic question: Why are we here? Surprised to find himself reborn as a rambunctious golden haired puppy after a tragically short life as a stray mutt, Bailey's search for his new life's meaning leads him into the loving arms of 8 year old Ethan. During their countless adventures Bailey joyously discovers how to be a good dog. But this life as a beloved family pet is not the end of Bailey's journey. Reborn as a puppy yet again, Bailey wonders, will he ever find his purpose? Heartwarming, insightful, and often laugh out loud funny, this book is not only the emotional and hilarious story of a dog's many lives, but also a dog's eye commentary on human relationships and the unbreakable bonds between man and man's best friend. This story teaches us that love never dies, that our true friends are always with us, and that every creature on earth is born with a purpose.--front flap",2010,W. Bruce Cameron,14198,126833,319,Fiction,4.35,[]
527,American Born Chinese,"All Jin Wang wants is to fit in. When his family moves to a new neighborhood, he suddenly finds that he's the only Chinese American student at his school. Jocks and bullies pick on him constantly, and he has hardly any friends. Then, to make matters worse, he falls in love with an all-American girl...Born to rule over all the monkeys in the world, the story of the Monkey King is one of the oldest and greatest Chinese fables. Adored by his subjects, master of the arts of kung-fu, he is the most powerful monkey on earth. But the Monkey King doesn't want to be a monkey. He wants to be hailed as a god...Chin-Kee is the ultimate negative Chinese stereotype, and he's ruining his cousin Danny's life. Danny's a popular kid at school, but every year Chin-Kee comes to visit, and every year Danny has to transfer to a new school to escape the shame. This year, though, things quickly go from bad to worse...These three apparently unrelated tales come together with an unexpected twist, in a modern fable that is hilarious, poignant and action-packed. American Born Chinese is an amazing rise, all the way up to the astonishing climax--and confirms what a growing number of readers already know: Gene Yang is a major talent.",2006,Gene Luen Yang,9181,87147,240,Graphic Novels,3.89,[]
528,Half the Sky,"From two of our most fiercely moral voices, a passionate call to arms against our era’s most pervasive human rights violation: the oppression of women and girls in the developing world.With Pulitzer Prize winners Nicholas D. Kristof and Sheryl WuDunn as our guides, we undertake an odyssey through Africa and Asia to meet the extraordinary women struggling there, among them a Cambodian teenager sold into sex slavery and an Ethiopian woman who suffered devastating injuries in childbirth. Drawing on the breadth of their combined reporting experience, Kristof and WuDunn depict our world with anger, sadness, clarity, and, ultimately, hope.They show how a little help can transform the lives of women and girls abroad. That Cambodian girl eventually escaped from her brothel and, with assistance from an aid group, built a thriving retail business that supports her family. The Ethiopian woman had her injuries repaired and in time became a surgeon. A Zimbabwean mother of five, counseled to return to school, earned her doctorate and became an expert on AIDS.Through these stories, Kristof and WuDunn help us see that the key to economic progress lies in unleashing women’s potential. They make clear how so many people have helped to do just that, and how we can each do our part. Throughout much of the world, the greatest unexploited economic resource is the female half of the population. Countries such as China have prospered precisely because they emancipated women and brought them into the formal economy. Unleashing that process globally is not only the right thing to do; it’s also the best strategy for fighting poverty.Deeply felt, pragmatic, and inspirational, Half the Sky is essential reading for every global citizen.",2008,Nicholas D. Kristof,5305,54125,294,Nonfiction,4.28,[]
529,The Children of Húrin,"This tale of Middle-earth's First Age, which appeared in incomplete forms in the posthumously published 
The Silmarillion
 and 
Unfinished Tales
, also edited by Tolkien's son, Christopher, only hinted at the depth and power of the tragic story of Túrin and Niënor, the children of Húrin, the lord of Dor-lómin, who achieved renown for having confronted Morgoth, who was the master of Sauron, the manifestation of evil in the Lord of the Rings.Six thousand years before the One Ring is destroyed, Middle-earth lies under the shadow of the Dark Lord Morgoth. The greatest warriors among elves and men have perished, and all is in darkness and despair. But a deadly new leader rises, Túrin, son of Húrin, and with his grim band of outlaws begins to turn the tide in the war for Middle-earth -- awaiting the day he confronts his destiny and the deadly curse laid upon him.",2007,J.R.R. Tolkien,4120,77750,315,Fantasy,4.01,[]
530,The Purpose Driven Life,"A #1 New York Times bestseller, The Purpose Driven Life will help you understand why you are alive and reveal God's amazing plan for you both here and now, and for eternity. Rick Warren will guide you through a personal forty-day spiritual journey that will transform your answer to life's most important question: What on earth am I here for? Knowing God's purpose for creating you will reduce your stress, focus your energy, simplify your decisions, give meaning to your life, and most important, prepare you for eternity. Movie stars and political leaders aren't the only ones turning to Rick Warren for spiritual guidance. Millions of people from NBA and LPGA players to corporate executives to high school students to prison inmates meet regularly to discuss The Purpose Driven Life.",2002,Rick Warren,3756,262600,336,Christian,3.96,[]
531,To the Nines,"Stephanie Plum's got rent to pay, people shooting at her, and psychos wanting her dead every day of the week (much to the dismay of her mother, her family, the men in her life, the guy who slices meat at the deli...oh, the list goes on). An ordinary person would cave under the pressure.But hey, she's from Jersey.Stephanie Plum may not be the best bounty hunter in beautiful downtown Trenton, but she's pretty darn good at turning bad situations her way...and she always gets her man. In To the Nines, her cousin Vinnie (who's also her boss) has posted bail on Samuel Singh, an illegal immigrant. When the elusive Mr. Singh goes missing, Stephanie is on the case. But what she uncovers is far more sinister than anyone imagines and leads to a group of killers who give new meaning to the word hunter.In a race against time that takes her from the Jersey Turnpike to the Vegas Strip, Stephanie Plum is on the chase of her life. The unforgettable characters, nonstop action, high-stakes suspense, and sheer entertainment of To the Nines define Janet Evanovich as unique among today's writers.",2003,Janet Evanovich,2286,116476,372,Mystery,4.16,[]
532,The Silver Linings Playbook,"Meet Pat. Pat has a theory: his life is a movie produced by God. And his God-given mission is to become physically fit and emotionally literate, whereupon God will ensure a happy ending for him — the return of his estranged wife, Nikki. (It might not come as a surprise to learn that Pat has spent time in a mental health facility.) The problem is, Pat's now home, and everything feels off. No one will talk to him about Nikki; his beloved Philadelphia Eagles keep losing; he's being pursued by the deeply odd Tiffany; his new therapist seems to recommend adultery as a form of therapy. Plus, he's being hunted by Kenny G!In this enchanting novel, Matthew Quick takes us inside Pat's mind, showing us the world from his distorted yet endearing perspective.",2008,Matthew Quick,12433,155642,291,Fiction,3.98,[]
533,Shatter Me,"I have a curseI have a giftI am a monsterI'm more than humanMy touch is lethalMy touch is powerI am their weaponI will fight backJuliette hasn't touched anyone in exactly 264 days.The last time she did, it was an accident, but The Reestablishment locked her up for murder. No one knows why Juliette's touch is fatal. As long as she doesn't hurt anyone else, no one really cares. The world is too busy crumbling to pieces to pay attention to a 17-year-old girl. Diseases are destroying the population, food is hard to find, birds don't fly anymore, and the clouds are the wrong color.The Reestablishment said their way was the only way to fix things, so they threw Juliette in a cell. Now so many people are dead that the survivors are whispering war—and The Reestablishment has changed its mind. Maybe Juliette is more than a tortured soul stuffed into a poisonous body. Maybe she's exactly what they need right now.Juliette has to make a choice: Be a weapon. Or be a warrior.",2011,Tahereh Mafi,60988,626491,338,Young Adult,3.90,[]
534,Heaven is for Real,"Unglaublich oder erstaunlich? Urteilen Sie selbst: Colton ist vier Jahre alt, als er lebensgefährlich erkrankt und operiert werden muss. Er überlebt um Haaresbreite. Später erzählt er seinen Eltern, dem Pastorenehepaars Todd und Sonja Burpo von erstaunlichen Dingen, die er während dieser Zeit zwischen Leben und Tod gesehen hat. Er berichtet von Tatsachen, die er gar nicht wissen konnte. Coltons Fazit: ""Den Himmel gibt's echt!""",2010,Todd Burpo,15412,309202,162,Nonfiction,4.02,[]
535,The Likeness,"Still traumatised by her brush with a psychopath, Detective Cassie Maddox transfers out of the Murder squad and starts a relationship with fellow detective Sam O’Neill. When he calls her to the scene of his new case, she is shocked to find that the murdered girl is her double. What’s more, her ID shows she is Lexie Madison – the identity Cassie used, years ago, as an undercover detective. With no leads, no suspects and no clues to Lexie’s real identity, Cassie’s old boss spots the opportunity of a lifetime: send Cassie undercover in her place, to tempt the killer out of hiding to finish the job.",2008,Tana French,11973,152859,466,Mystery,4.06,[]
536,The Hundred Thousand Kingdoms,"Yeine Darr is an outcast from the barbarian north. But when her mother dies under mysterious circumstances, she is summoned to the majestic city of Sky. There, to her shock, Yeine is named an heiress to the king. But the throne of the Hundred Thousand Kingdoms is not easily won, and Yeine is thrust into a vicious power struggle.",2010,N.K. Jemisin,7082,69206,427,Fantasy,3.89,[]
537,State of Wonder,"In a narrative replete with poison arrows, devouring snakes, scientific miracles, and spiritual transformations, ""State of Wonder"" presents a world of stunning surprise and danger, rich in emotional resonance and moral complexity.As Dr. Marina Singh embarks upon an uncertain odyssey into the insect-infested Amazon, she will be forced to surrender herself to the lush but forbidding world that awaits within the jungle. Charged with finding her former mentor Dr. Annick Swenson, a researcher who has disappeared while working on a valuable new drug, she will have to confront her own memories of tragedy and sacrifice as she journeys into the unforgiving heart of darkness. Stirring and luminous, ""State of Wonder"" is a world unto itself, where unlikely beauty stands beside unimaginable loss beneath the rain forest's jeweled canopy.",2011,Ann Patchett,17669,180426,353,Fiction,3.89,[]
538,1st to Die,"Four crime-solving friends face off against a killer in San Francisco in the Women's Murder Club novel that started James Patterson's thrilling series.Each one holds a piece of the puzzle: Lindsay Boxer is a homicide inspector in the San Francisco Police Department, Claire Washburn is a medical examiner, Jill Bernhardt is an assistant D.A., and Cindy Thomas just started working the crime desk of the San Francisco Chronicle.But the usual procedures aren't bringing them any closer to stopping the killings. So these women form a Women's Murder Club to collaborate outside the box and pursue the case by sidestepping their bosses and giving each other a hand. The four women develop intense bonds as they pursue a killer whose crimes have stunned an entire city. Working together, they track down the most terrifying and unexpected killer they have ever encountered--before a shocking conclusion in which everything they knew turns out to be devastatingly wrong.Full of the breathtaking drama and unforgettable emotions for which James Patterson is famous, 1st to Die is the start of the #1 New York Times bestselling series of crime thrillers.",2001,James Patterson,7448,326404,424,Mystery,4.09,[]
539,Dark Matter,"A mindbending, relentlessly surprising thriller from the author of the bestselling Wayward Pines trilogy. Jason Dessen is walking home through the chilly Chicago streets one night, looking forward to a quiet evening in front of the fireplace with his wife, Daniela, and their son, Charlie—when his reality shatters.""Are you happy with your life?""Those are the last words Jason Dessen hears before the masked abductor knocks him unconscious. Before he awakens to find himself strapped to a gurney, surrounded by strangers in hazmat suits. Before a man Jason's never met smiles down at him and says, ""Welcome back, my friend."" In this world he's woken up to, Jason's life is not the one he knows. His wife is not his wife. His son was never born. And Jason is not an ordinary college physics professor, but a celebrated genius who has achieved something remarkable. Something impossible.Is it this world or the other that's the dream? And even if the home he remembers is real, how can Jason possibly make it back to the family he loves? The answers lie in a journey more wondrous and horrifying than anything he could've imagined—one that will force him to confront the darkest parts of himself even as he battles a terrifying, seemingly unbeatable foe.Dark Matter is a brilliantly plotted tale that is at once sweeping and intimate, mind-bendingly strange and profoundly human--a relentlessly surprising science-fiction thriller about choices, paths not taken, and how far we'll go to claim the lives we dream of.",2016,Blake Crouch,46576,392255,352,Science Fiction,4.13,[]
540,Lover Eternal,"In the shadows of the night in Caldwell, New York, there’s a deadly war raging between vampires and their slayers. And there exists a secret band of brothers like no other - six vampire warriors, defenders of their race. Possessed by a deadly beast, Rhage is the most dangerous of the Black Dagger Brotherhood...Within the brotherhood, Rhage is the vampire with the strongest appetite. He's the best fighter, the quickest to act on his impulses, and the most voracious lover-for inside him burns a ferocious curse cast by the Scribe Virgin.Possessed by this dark side, Rhage fears the times when his inner dragon is unleashed, making him a danger to everyone around him. When Mary Luce is unwittingly thrown into the vampire world, she must rely on Rhage's protection. Knowing that Mary feels the same intense animal attraction, Rhage must make her his alone...",2006,J.R. Ward,7354,187336,441,Romance,4.33,[]
541,The Devil Wears Prada,"A delightfully dishy novel about the all-time most impossible boss in the history of impossible bosses. Andrea Sachs, a small-town girl fresh out of college, lands the job “a million girls would die for.” Hired as the assistant to Miranda Priestly, the high-profile, fabulously successful editor of ""Runway ""magazine, Andrea finds herself in an office that shouts ""Prada! Armani! Versace!"" at every turn, a world populated by impossibly thin, heart-wrenchingly stylish women and beautiful men clad in fine-ribbed turtlenecks and tight leather pants that show off their lifelong dedication to the gym. With breathtaking ease, Miranda can turn each and every one of these hip sophisticates into a scared, whimpering child. THE DEVIL WEARS PRADA gives a rich and hilarious new meaning to complaints about “The Boss from Hell.” Narrated in Andrea’s smart, refreshingly disarming voice, it traces a deep, dark, devilish view of life at the top only hinted at in gossip columns and over Cosmopolitans at the trendiest cocktail parties. From sending the latest, not-yet-in-stores Harry Potter to Miranda’s children in Paris by private jet, to locating an unnamed antique store where Miranda had at some point admired a vintage dresser, to serving lattes to Miranda at precisely the piping hot temperature she prefers, Andrea is sorely tested each and every day—and often late into the night with orders barked over the phone. She puts up with it all by keeping her eyes on the prize: a recommendation from Miranda that will get Andrea a top job at any magazine of her choosing. As things escalate from the merely unacceptable to the downright outrageous, however, Andrea begins to realize that the job a million girls would die for may just kill her. And even if she survives, she has to decide whether or not the job is worth the price of her soul.",2003,Lauren Weisberger,10372,859362,384,Chick Lit,3.79,[]
542,The People of Paper,"Amidst disillusioned saints hiding in wrestling rings, mothers burnt by glowing halos, and a Baby Nostradamus who sees only blackness, a gang of flower pickers heads off to war, led by a lonely man who cannot help but wet his bed in sadness. Part memoir, part lies, this is a book about the wounds inflicted by first love and sharp objects.",2005,Salvador Plascencia,608,5108,256,Fiction,4.08,[]
543,The First Fifteen Lives of Harry August,"Some stories cannot be told in just one lifetime. Harry August is on his deathbed. Again. No matter what he does or the decisions he makes, when death comes, Harry always returns to where he began, a child with all the knowledge of a life he has already lived a dozen times before. Nothing ever changes. Until now. As Harry nears the end of his eleventh life, a little girl appears at his bedside. ""I nearly missed you, Doctor August,"" she says. ""I need to send a message."" This is the story of what Harry does next, and what he did before, and how he tries to save a past he cannot change and a future he cannot allow.",2014,Claire North,9972,81631,417,Science Fiction,4.03,[]
544,Oblivion,"In the stories that make up Oblivion, David Foster Wallace joins the rawest, most naked humanity with the infinite involutions of self-consciousness—a combination that is dazzlingly, uniquely his. These are worlds undreamt-of by any other mind. Only David Foster Wallace could convey a father's desperate loneliness by way of his son's daydreaming through a teacher's homicidal breakdown (""The Soul Is Not a Smithy""). Or could explore the deepest and most hilarious aspects of creativity by delineating the office politics surrounding a magazine profile of an artist who produces miniature sculptures in an anatomically inconceivable way (""The Suffering Channel""). Or capture the ache of love's breakdown in the painfully polite apologies of a man who believes his wife is hallucinating the sound of his snoring (""Oblivion""). Each of these stories is a complete world, as fully imagined as most entire novels, at once preposterously surreal and painfully immediate. Oblivion is an arresting and hilarious creation from a writer ""whose best work challenges and reinvents the art of fiction"" (Atlanta Journal-Constitution).Mister squishy --The soul is not a smithy --Incarnations of burned children --Another pioneer --Good old neon --Philosophy and the mirror of nature --Oblivion --The suffering channel",2004,David Foster Wallace,1044,13871,329,Short Stories,4.07,[]
545,My Life in France,"The bestselling story of Julia's years in France--and the basis for Julie & Julia, starring Meryl Streep and Amy Adams--in her own words. Although she would later singlehandedly create a new approach to American cuisine with her cookbook Mastering the Art of French Cooking and her television show The French Chef, Julia Child was not always a master chef. Indeed, when she first arrived in France in 1948 with her husband, Paul, who was to work for the USIS, she spoke no French and knew nothing about the country itself. But as she dove into French culture, buying food at local markets and taking classes at the Cordon Bleu, her life changed forever with her newfound passion for cooking and teaching. Julia's unforgettable story--struggles with the head of the Cordon Bleu, rejections from publishers to whom she sent her now-famous cookbook, a wonderful, nearly fifty-year long marriage that took the Childs across the globe--unfolds with the spirit so key to Julia's success as a chef and a writer, brilliantly capturing one of America's most endearing personalities.",2006,Julia Child,7973,87155,336,Nonfiction,4.15,[]
546,The Alchemyst,"An alternate cover edition exists here.Nicholas Flamel was born in Paris on 28 September 1330. Nearly seven hundred years later, he is acknowledged as the greatest Alchemyst of his day. It is said that he discovered the secret of eternal life. The records show that he died in 1418. But his tomb is empty and Nicholas Flamel lives. The secret of eternal life is hidden within the book he protects—the Book of Abraham the Mage. It's the most powerful book that has ever existed. In the wrong hands, it will destroy the world. And that's exactly what Dr. John Dee plans to do when he steals it. Humankind won't know what's happening until it's too late. And if the prophecy is right, Sophie and Josh Newman are the only ones with the power to save the world as we know it. Sometimes legends are true. And Sophie and Josh Newman are about to find themselves in the middle of the greatest legend of all time.",2007,Michael Scott,9056,154797,390,Fantasy,3.86,[]
547,The Inheritance of Loss,"In a crumbling, isolated house at the foot of Mount Kanchenjunga in the Himalayas lives an embittered judge who wants only to retire in peace, when his orphaned granddaughter, Sai, arrives on his doorstep. The judge’s cook watches over her distractedly, for his thoughts are often on his son, Biju, who is hopscotching from one gritty New York restaurant to another. Kiran Desai’s brilliant novel, published to huge acclaim, is a story of joy and despair. Her characters face numerous choices that majestically illuminate the consequences of colonialism as it collides with the modern world.",2005,Kiran Desai,4306,51228,357,Fiction,3.45,[]
548,The Unbecoming of Mara Dyer,"Mara Dyer believes life can't get any stranger than waking up in a hospital with no memory of how she got there.It can.She believes there must be more to the accident she can't remember that killed her friends and left her strangely unharmed. There is.She doesn't believe that after everything she's been through, she can fall in love. She's wrong.",2011,Michelle Hodkin,17803,171809,456,Young Adult,4.03,[]
549,The Queen's Fool,"A young woman caught in the rivalry between Queen Mary and her half sister, Elizabeth, must find her true destiny amid treason, poisonous rivalries, loss of faith, and unrequited love.It is winter, 1553. Pursued by the Inquisition, Hannah Green, a fourteen-year-old Jewish girl, is forced to flee Spain with her father. But Hannah is no ordinary refugee. Her gift of ""Sight,"" the ability to foresee the future, is priceless in the troubled times of the Tudor court. Hannah is adopted by the glamorous Robert Dudley, the charismatic son of King Edward's protector, who brings her to court as a ""holy fool"" for Queen Mary and, ultimately, Queen Elizabeth. Hired as a fool but working as a spy; promised in wedlock but in love with her master; endangered by the laws against heresy, treason, and witchcraft, Hannah must choose between the safe life of a commoner and the dangerous intrigues of the royal family that are inextricably bound up in her own yearnings and desires.Teeming with vibrant period detail and peopled by characters seamlessly woven into the sweeping tapestry of history, The Queen's Fool is another rich and emotionally resonant gem from this wonderful storyteller.",2003,Philippa Gregory,3363,95462,504,Historical Fiction,3.87,[]
550,"Are You There, Vodka? It's Me, Chelsea","When Chelsea Handler needs to get a few things off her chest, she appeals to a higher power - vodka. You would too if you found out that your boyfriend was having an affair with a Peekapoo or if you had to pretend to be honeymooning with your father in order to upgrade to first class. Welcome to Chelsea's world - a place where absurdity reigns supreme and a quick wit is the best line of defense.In this hilarious, deliciously skewed collection, Chelsea mines her past for stories about her family, relationships, and career that are at once singular and ridiculous. Whether she's convincing her third-grade class that she has been tapped to play Goldie Hawn's daughter in the sequel to Private Benjamin, deciding to be more egalitarian by dating a redhead, or looking out for a foulmouthed, rum-swilling little person who looks just like her... only smaller, Chelsea has a knack for getting herself into the most outrageous situations. Are You There, Vodka? It's Me, Chelsea showcases the candor and irresistible turns of phrase that have made her one of the freshest voices in comedy today.",2007,Chelsea Handler,7042,161688,264,Humor,3.84,[]
551,The God Complex,"Inspired by actual events, The God Complex takes readers on a thrill ride through Chinese medicine. Discover the secrets of the Orient as you embark on a 'factional' adventure pitting Eastern medicine against its critics in the West. Each clue brings you one step closer to solving the mystery and uncovering an ancient secret that connects Chinese medicine to martial arts.",2011,Chris Titus,42,1582,278,Mystery,3.71,[]
552,Meeting With Christ and Other Poems,"Poetry book - 'Meeting with Christ and Other Poems' is written by internationally renowned poet Deepak Chaswal. His poetry has been widely appreciated by eminent poets, critics and poetry lovers around the globe.PAPER BACK EDITION Amazon.com Link: http://goo.gl/Vwm6rF Create space link: https://www.createspace.com/4398954EXPERTS ON THIS BOOK:Prof. Hugh Fox (Professor Emeritus of Michigan State University, archaeologist, editor, writer, and iconic poet of international fame) has liked and appreciated this book in these words:“One of the deepest, widest, most universal poetry books ever written about individual spirituality in a world-wide context. And Chaswal has the single most original view of Christianity in all its totality and specifics of anyone else on the contemporary scene. What he wants is individual sanity, salvation, an escape from the depravities of the modern world into an ancient oneness with the universe, a kind of reworking of human spirituality, so that it really functions and Man as such can glide into, drift into individual completeness. Christ isn't someone distant for Chaswal but someone he goes to Jerusalem to meet and converse with, all about a return to essential humanity. He hates greed, selfishness, in a sense the whole mechanical-cybernetic drifting of the modern world into a flow that is turning humankind into something minor and self-involved that it was never intended to be. Chaswal identifies with blacks, whites, Indians in India, Americans....you name it, he identifies with it. Universalism at its most universal. You read his poetry and you go through a kind of spiritual renewal. One of, perhaps, THE most spiritually renewing poet on the contemporary scene. WONDERFUL WORK! I really loved it.”In the words of Candice James, Poet Laureate, New Westminster, BC CANADA :“Deepak Chaswal is a master of words and weaves them into an intricate pattern that indelibly imprints the mind. His poem, ""Man"", tells succinctly the story of our existence from cradle to grave. In ""Day of Judgement"" Chaswal's poetry wanders the bleak alleyways of ignorance, atrocity, and man's inhumanity to man. He then leads us from the paths of iniquity into a gentle serenity with his musing in his poem ""Joy"". Deepak Chaswal bares his soul to bleed onto every page that you may be further enriched for reading it.”Felix Nicolau (prolific poet, novelist, critic and Associate Professor of English and Comparative Literature at “Hyperion” University of Bucharest, Romania, where he is the Dean of Faculty of Letters and Foreign Languages) observes:“Now and again Christ pops up before our eyes - bearer of intense messages. But when He emerges in front of the Poet there’ll be some mind-twisting revelation for sure. Deepak Chaswal regretfully conjures apocalypse and playfully takes snapshots of voracious appearances. His art can’t sit legs crossed and contemplate ivory towers. Every verse in this book testifies for or against something, proving the intellectual and political charge of contemporary poetry. Then, the details and frailties of a world in turmoil are cunningly surprised by the poet. Such an art refutes the confined vision of Cyclops and energetically assumes the thousand-eyed body of Argus. More than ever, the poet is a seer, full of experience and innocence in the same time.”Philip Ellis , a freelance critic, poet and scholar from Australia comments:“The poetry of Deepak Chaswal's Meeting with Christ and Other Poems invokes the exterior world in language both spiritual and secular, so that the world becomes something newer and stranger than what it was in the past. It is also a melange of images and motifs which appear, disappear and reappear throughout this collection, and it is a body of work unique to his life experiences and his worldview. It is a poetry where the tropes of Western religion, such as Christ and angels, encounter Chaswal's eastern milieu and are transformed, made, again, strange. The result of all this is a verbal and formal richness, using rhyme and free verse alike in its dexterity, and poems that are both distinctive.",2013,Deepak Chaswal,21,90,80,Poetry,4.42,[]
553,Curiosity kills the KatHA,"Curiosity is a collection of short stories each with a twist at the end.Assessing performance of one s student is what every teacher does many times in his/her career. But what if the teacher is a terrorist trainer and the student a suicide bomber? What if a visit to a historical place throws up an unexpected opportunity to listen to a firsthand report of the historical event from a person who was present at that time? This is the age when everyone talks about zero tolerance to corruption. How would one react to a typical malpractice at a railway booking counter? When does a deal become a steal? Or more importantly does stealing make a purchase a better deal? These and other similar questions are discussed in Curiosity Kills the Katha, a collection of humorous yet thought provoking stories with surprising endings.",2012,Ashok  Kallarakkal,11,72,148,Short Stories,3.71,[]
554,Persepolis 2,"In Persepolis, heralded by the Los Angeles Times as ""one of the freshest and most original memoirs of our day,"" Marjane Satrapi dazzled us with her heartrending memoir-in-comic-strips about growing up in Iran during the Islamic Revolution. Here is the continuation of her fascinating story. In 1984, Marjane flees fundamentalism and the war with Iraq to begin a new life in Vienna. Once there, she faces the trials of adolescence far from her friends and family, and while she soon carves out a place for herself among a group of fellow outsiders, she continues to struggle for a sense of belonging.Finding that she misses her home more than she can stand, Marjane returns to Iran after graduation. Her difficult homecoming forces her to confront the changes both she and her country have undergone in her absence and her shame at what she perceives as her failure in Austria. Marjane allows her past to weigh heavily on her until she finds some like-minded friends, falls in love, and begins studying art at a university. However, the repression and state-sanctioned chauvinism eventually lead her to question whether she can have a future in Iran.As funny and poignant as its predecessor, Persepolis 2 is another clear-eyed and searing condemnation of the human cost of fundamentalism. In its depiction of the struggles of growing up--here compounded by Marjane's status as an outsider both abroad and at home--it is raw, honest, and incredibly illuminating.",2003,Marjane Satrapi,3016,72114,187,Graphic Novels,4.21,[]
555,The Well of Ascension,"""Description contains spoilers for previous book in the series""The impossible has been accomplished. The Lord Ruler—the man who claimed to be god incarnate and brutally ruled the world for a thousand years—has been vanquished. But Kelsier, the hero who masterminded that triumph, is dead too, and now the awesome task of building a new world has been left to his young protégé, Vin, the former street urchin who is now the most powerful Mistborn in the land, and to the idealistic young nobleman she loves.As Kelsier's protégé and slayer of the Lord Ruler she is now venerated by a budding new religion, a distinction that makes her intensely uncomfortable. Even more worrying, the mists have begun behaving strangely since the Lord Ruler died, and seem to harbor a strange vaporous entity that haunts her.Stopping assassins may keep Vin's Mistborn skills sharp, but it's the least of her problems. Luthadel, the largest city of the former empire, doesn't run itself, and Vin and the other members of Kelsier's crew, who lead the revolution, must learn a whole new set of practical and political skills to help. It certainly won't get easier with three armies - one of them composed of ferocious giants - now vying to conquer the city, and no sign of the Lord Ruler's hidden cache of atium, the rarest and most powerful allomantic metal.As the siege of Luthadel tightens, an ancient legend seems to offer a glimmer of hope. But even if it really exists, no one knows where to find the Well of Ascension or what manner of power it bestows.",2007,Brandon Sanderson,23158,393457,592,Fantasy,4.38,[]
556,Child 44,"MGB officer Leo is a man who never questions the Party Line. He arrests whomever he is told to arrest. He dismisses the horrific death of a young boy because he is told to, because he believes the Party stance that there can be no murder in Communist Russia. Leo is the perfect soldier of the regime. But suddenly his confidence that everything he does serves a great good is shaken. He is forced to watch a man he knows to be innocent be brutally tortured. And then he is told to arrest his own wife. Leo understands how the State works: Trust and check, but check particularly on those we trust. He faces a stark choice: his wife or his life. And still the killings of children continue...",2008,Tom Rob Smith,6778,82415,509,Fiction,4.10,[]
557,The Warmth of Other Suns,"In this epic, beautifully written masterwork, Pulitzer Prize–winning author Isabel Wilkerson chronicles one of the great untold stories of American history: the decades-long migration of black citizens who fled the South for northern and western cities, in search of a better life. From 1915 to 1970, this exodus of almost six million people changed the face of America. Wilkerson compares this epic migration to the migrations of other peoples in history. She interviewed more than a thousand people, and gained access to new data and official records, to write this definitive and vividly dramatic account of how these American journeys unfolded, altering our cities, our country, and ourselves.With stunning historical detail, Wilkerson tells this story through the lives of three unique individuals: Ida Mae Gladney, who in 1937 left sharecropping and prejudice in Mississippi for Chicago, where she achieved quiet blue-collar success and, in old age, voted for Barack Obama when he ran for an Illinois Senate seat; sharp and quick-tempered George Starling, who in 1945 fled Florida for Harlem, where he endangered his job fighting for civil rights, saw his family fall, and finally found peace in God; and Robert Foster, who left Louisiana in 1953 to pursue a medical career, the personal physician to Ray Charles as part of a glitteringly successful medical career, which allowed him to purchase a grand home where he often threw exuberant parties.Wilkerson brilliantly captures their first treacherous and exhausting cross-country trips by car and train and their new lives in colonies that grew into ghettos, as well as how they changed these cities with southern food, faith, and culture and improved them with discipline, drive, and hard work. Both a riveting microcosm and a major assessment, The Warmth of Other Suns is a bold, remarkable, and riveting work, a superb account of an “unrecognized immigration” within our own land. Through the breadth of its narrative, the beauty of the writing, the depth of its research, and the fullness of the people and lives portrayed herein, this book is destined to become a classic.",2010,Isabel Wilkerson,11165,92509,622,Nonfiction,4.45,[]
558,Where She Went,"It's been three years since the devastating accident... three years since Mia walked out of Adam's life forever.Now living on opposite coasts, Mia is Juilliard's rising star and Adam is LA tabloid fodder, thanks to his new rock star status and celebrity girlfriend. When Adam gets stuck in New York by himself, chance brings the couple together again, for one last night. As they explore the city that has become Mia's home, Adam and Mia revisit the past and open their hearts to the future - and each other.Told from Adam's point of view in the spare, lyrical prose that defined If I Stay, Where She Went explores the devastation of grief, the promise of new hope, and the flame of rekindled romance.",over,Gayle Forman,20982,286119,,Young Adult,3.99,[]
559,Handle with Care,"An alternate cover edition can be found hereWhen Willow is born with severe osteogenesis imperfecta, her parents are devastated--she will suffer hundreds of broken bones as she grows, a lifetime of pain. Every expectant parent will tell you that they don't want a perfect baby, just a healthy one. Charlotte and Sean O'Keefe would have asked for a healthy baby, too, if they'd been given the choice. Instead, their lives are made up of sleepless nights, mounting bills, the pitying stares of ""luckier"" parents, and maybe worst of all, the what-ifs. What if their child had been born healthy? But it's all worth it because Willow is, funny as it seems, perfect. She's smart as a whip, on her way to being as pretty as her mother, kind, brave, and for a five-year-old an unexpectedly deep source of wisdom. Willow is Willow, in sickness and in health.Everything changes, though, after a series of events forces Charlotte and her husband to confront the most serious what-ifs of all. What if Charlotte had known earlier of Willow's illness? What if things could have been different? What if their beloved Willow had never been born? To do Willow justice, Charlotte must ask herself these questions and one more. What constitutes a valuable life?",2009,Jodi Picoult,8896,124928,477,Fiction,3.99,[]
560,Pandemonium,"The old life is dead. But the old Lena is dead too. I buried her. I left her beyond a fence, behind a wall of smoke and ﬂame. In this electrifying follow-up to her acclaimed New York Times bestseller Delirium, Lauren Oliver sets Lena on a dangerous course that hurtles through the unregulated Wilds and into the heart of a growing resistance movement. This riveting, brilliant novel crackles with the fire of fierce defiance, forbidden romance, and the sparks of a revolution about to ignite.",2012,Lauren Oliver,15363,233749,375,Young Adult,4.03,[]
561,Monstrous Regiment,"Polly Perks joins the Discworld army to find her brother Paul. ""Ozzer"" cuts off her blonde braids, dons male garb, belches, scratches, and masters macho habits - aided by well-placed pair of socks. The legendary and seemingly ageless Sergeant Jackrum accepts her plus a vampire, troll, zombie, religious fanatic, and two close ""friends"". The best man for the job may be a woman.",2003,Terry Pratchett,2329,69029,496,Fantasy,4.22,[]
562,Educated,"A newer edition of ISBN 9780399590504 can be found here.Tara Westover was 17 the first time she set foot in a classroom. Born to survivalists in the mountains of Idaho, she prepared for the end of the world by stockpiling home-canned peaches and sleeping with her ""head-for-the-hills bag"". In the summer she stewed herbs for her mother, a midwife and healer, and in the winter she salvaged in her father's junkyard.Her father forbade hospitals, so Tara never saw a doctor or nurse. Gashes and concussions, even burns from explosions, were all treated at home with herbalism. The family was so isolated from mainstream society that there was no one to ensure the children received an education and no one to intervene when one of Tara's older brothers became violent.Then, lacking any formal education, Tara began to educate herself. She taught herself enough mathematics and grammar to be admitted to Brigham Young University, where she studied history, learning for the first time about important world events like the Holocaust and the civil rights movement. Her quest for knowledge transformed her, taking her over oceans and across continents, to Harvard and to Cambridge. Only then would she wonder if she'd traveled too far, if there was still a way home.Educated is an account of the struggle for self-invention. It is a tale of fierce family loyalty and of the grief that comes with severing the closest of ties. With the acute insight that distinguishes all great writers, Westover has crafted a universal coming-of-age story that gets to the heart of what an education is and what it offers: the perspective to see one's life through new eyes and the will to change it.",2018,Tara Westover,96395,1311990,352,Nonfiction,4.47,[]
563,Three Day Road,"It is 1919, and Niska, the last Oji-Cree woman to live off the land, has received word that one of the two boys she saw off to the Great War has returned. Xavier Bird, her sole living relation, is gravely wounded and addicted to morphine. As Niska slowly paddles her canoe on the three-day journey to bring Xavier home, travelling through the stark but stunning landscape of Northern Ontario, their respective stories emerge—stories of Niska’s life among her kin and of Xavier’s horrifying experiences in the killing fields of Ypres and the Somme.",2005,Joseph Boyden,1835,23595,384,Historical Fiction,4.29,[]
564,The Lost,"In this rich and riveting narrative, a writer's search for the truth behind his family's tragic past in World War II becomes a remarkably original epic—part memoir, part reportage, part mystery, and part scholarly detective work—that brilliantly explores the nature of time and memory, family and history.The Lost begins as the story of a boy who grew up in a family haunted by the disappearance of six relatives during the Holocaust—an unmentionable subject that gripped his imagination from earliest childhood. Decades later, spurred by the discovery of a cache of desperate letters written to his grandfather in 1939 and tantalized by fragmentary tales of a terrible betrayal, Daniel Mendelsohn sets out to find the remaining eyewitnesses to his relatives' fates. That quest eventually takes him to a dozen countries on four continents and forces him to confront the wrenching discrepancies between the histories we live and the stories we tell. And it leads him, finally, back to the small Ukrainian town where his family's story began, and where the solution to a decades-old mystery awaits him.Deftly moving between past and present, interweaving a world-wandering odyssey with childhood memories of a now-lost generation of immigrant Jews and provocative ruminations on biblical texts and Jewish history, The Lost transforms the story of one family into a profound, morally searching meditation on our fragile hold on the past. Deeply personal, grippingly suspenseful, and beautifully written, this literary tour de force illuminates all that is lost, and found, in the passage of time.***Depuis qu’il est enfant, Daniel Mendelsohn sait que son grand-oncle Shmiel, sa femme et leurs quatre filles ont été tués, quelque part dans l’est de la Pologne, en 1941. Comment, quand, où exactement ? Nul ne peut lui en dire plus. Et puis il découvre ces lettres désespérées écrites en 1939 par Shmiel à son frère, installé en Amérique, des lettres pressant sa famille de les aider à partir, des lettres demeurées sans réponse... Parce qu’il a voulu savoir ce qui s’est passé, parce qu’il a voulu donner un visage à ces six disparus, Daniel Mendelsohn est parti sur leurs traces, rencontrant, année après année, des témoins épars dans une douzaine de pays. Cette quête, il en a fait un livre, puzzle vertigineux, roman policier haletant, plongée dans l’Histoire et l’oubli – un chef-d’œuvre. « Daniel Mendelsohn a écrit une œuvre puissamment émouvante sur le passé "" ; perdu "" ; d’une famille, qui rappelle à la fois l’opulence des œuvres en prose de Proust et les textes elliptiques de W.G. Sebald. Une réussite exceptionnelle. » Joyce Carol Oates « Les Disparus est une bouleversante enquête de détective à part entière, doublée d’un questionnement sur les interventions énigmatiques de Dieu dans les affaires humaines, et approfondie par une réflexion sur la part d’inéluctable et d’incompréhensible que le hasard introduit dans l’Histoire. » John Maxwell Cœtzee « Entre épopée et intimité, méditation et suspense, tragédie et hilarité, Les Disparus est un livre merveilleux. » Jonathan Safran Fœr « Mendelsohn réussit à assembler un tableau immensément humain dans lequel chaque témoin a un visage et chaque visage une histoire et un destin. » Elie Wiesel",2006,Daniel Mendelsohn,745,6580,512,Nonfiction,4.02,[]
565,Elantris,"Elantris was the capital of Arelon: gigantic, beautiful, literally radiant, filled with benevolent beings who used their powerful magical abilities for the benefit of all. Yet each of these demigods was once an ordinary person until touched by the mysterious transforming power of the Shaod. Ten years ago, without warning, the magic failed. Elantrians became wizened, leper-like, powerless creatures, and Elantris itself dark, filthy, and crumbling.Arelon's new capital, Kae, crouches in the shadow of Elantris. Princess Sarene of Teod arrives for a marriage of state with Crown Prince Raoden, hoping—based on their correspondence—to also find love. She finds instead that Raoden has died and she is considered his widow. Both Teod and Arelon are under threat as the last remaining holdouts against the imperial ambitions of the ruthless religious fanatics of Fjordell. So Sarene decides to use her new status to counter the machinations of Hrathen, a Fjordell high priest who has come to Kae to convert Arelon and claim it for his emperor and his god.But neither Sarene nor Hrathen suspect the truth about Prince Raoden. Stricken by the same curse that ruined Elantris, Raoden was secretly exiled by his father to the dark city. His struggle to help the wretches trapped there begins a series of events that will bring hope to Arelon, and perhaps reveal the secret of Elantris itself.A rare epic fantasy that doesn't recycle the classics and that is a complete and satisfying story in one volume, Elantris is fleet and fun, full of surprises and characters to care about. It's also the wonderful debut of a welcome new star in the constellation of fantasy.",2005,Brandon Sanderson,15445,233621,638,Fantasy,4.19,[]
566,The Sacred Band,"The Sacred Band of Thebes lives on, a world away, in this mythic novel of love in war in ancient times. In 338 BCE, during the Battle of Chaeronea that results in the massacre of the Sacred Band of Thebes, the legendary Tempus and his Stepson cavalry rescue twenty-three pairs of Theban Sacred Banders, paired lovers and friends, to fight on other days. These forty-six Thebans, whose bones will never lie in the mass grave that holds their two hundred and fifty-four brothers, join with the immortalized Tempus and his Sacred Band of Stepsons, consummate ancient cavalry fighters, to make new lives in a faraway land and fight the battle of their dreams where gods walk the earth, ghosts take the field, and the angry Fates demand their due.",2010,Janet E. Morris,57,302,570,Fantasy,4.47,[]
567,Truth & Beauty,"Ann Patchett and the late Lucy Grealy met in college in 1981, and, after enrolling in the Iowa Writers’ Workshop, began a friendship that would be as defining to both of their lives as their work. In Grealy’s critically acclaimed memoir Autobiography of a Face, she wrote about losing part of her jaw to childhood cancer, years of chemotherapy and radiation, and endless reconstructive surgeries. In Truth and Beauty, the story isn’t Lucy’s life or Ann’s life but the parts of their lives they shared. This is a portrait of unwavering commitment that spans twenty years, from the long winters of the Midwest to surgical wards to book parties in New York. Through love, fame, drugs, and despair, this is what it means to be part of two lives that are intertwined--and what happens when one is left behind.",2004,Ann Patchett,3604,40396,257,Memoir,3.96,[]
568,The Lace Reader,"Look into the lace... When the eyes begin to fill with tears and the patience is long exhausted, there will appear a glimpse of something not quite seen... In this moment, an image will begin to form... in the space between what is real and what is only imagined. Can you read your future in a piece of lace? All of the Whitney women can. But the last time Towner read, it killed her sister and nearly robbed Towner of her own sanity. Vowing never to read lace again, her resolve is tested when faced with the mysterious, unsolvable disappearance of her beloved Great Aunt Eva, Salem s original Lace Reader. Told from opposing and often unreliable perspectives, the story engages the reader s own beliefs. Should we listen to Towner, who may be losing her mind for the second time? Or should we believe John Rafferty, a no nonsense New York detective, who ran away from the city to a simpler place only to find himself inextricably involved in a psychic tug of war with all three generations of Whitney women? Does either have the whole story? Or does the truth lie somewhere in the swirling pattern of the lace?(back cover)",2006,Brunonia Barry,4434,28442,353,Fiction,3.48,[]
569,Lisey's Story,"Lisey Debusher Landon lost her husband, Scott, two years ago, after a twenty-five year marriage of the most profound and sometimes frightening intimacy. Scott was an award-winning, bestselling novelist and a very complicated man. Early in their relationship, before they married, Lisey had to learn from him about books and blood and bools. Later, she understood that there was a place Scott went--a place that both terrified and healed him, that could eat him alive or give him the ideas he needed in order to live. Now it's Lisey's turn to face Scott's demons, Lisey's turn to go to Boo'ya Moon. What begins as a widow's efforts to sort through the papers of her celebrated husband becomes a nearly fatal journey into the darkness he inhabited. Perhaps King's most personal and powerful novel, Lisey's Story is about the wellsprings of creativity, the temptations of madness, and the secret language of love. (front flap)",2006,Stephen King,5197,81649,513,Horror,3.70,[]
570,The Wind Through the Keyhole,"Stephen King returns to the rich landscape of Mid-World, the spectacular territory of the Dark Tower fantasy saga that stands as his most beguiling achievement. Roland Deschain and his ka-tet—Jake, Susannah, Eddie, and Oy, the billy-bumbler—encounter a ferocious storm just after crossing the River Whye on their way to the Outer Baronies. As they shelter from the howling gale, Roland tells his friends not just one strange story but two . . . and in so doing, casts new light on his own troubled past. In his early days as a gunslinger, in the guilt-ridden year following his mother’s death, Roland is sent by his father to investigate evidence of a murderous shape-shifter, a “skin-man” preying upon the population around Debaria. Roland takes charge of Bill Streeter, the brave but terrified boy who is the sole surviving witness to the beast’s most recent slaughter. Only a teenager himself, Roland calms the boy and prepares him for the following day’s trials by reciting a story from the Magic Tales of the Eld that his mother often read to him at bedtime. “A person’s never too old for stories,” Roland says to Bill. “Man and boy, girl and woman, never too old. We live for them.” And indeed, the tale that Roland unfolds, the legend of Tim Stoutheart, is a timeless treasure for all ages, a story that lives for us.King began the Dark Tower series in 1974; it gained momentum in the 1980s; and he brought it to a thrilling conclusion when the last three novels were published in 2003 and 2004. The Wind Through the Keyhole is sure to fascinate avid fans of the Dark Tower epic. But this novel also stands on its own for all readers, an enchanting and haunting journey to Roland’s world and testimony to the power of Stephen King’s storytelling magic.~from first edition jacket",2012,Stephen King,5857,77450,322,Fantasy,4.15,[]
571,The Awakening,"If you had met me a few weeks ago, you probably would have described me as an average teenage girl - someone normal. Now my life has changed forever and I’m as far away from normal as it gets. A living science experiment - not only can I see ghosts, but I was genetically altered by a sinister organization called Edison Group. What does that mean? For starters. I'm a teenage necromancer whose powers are out of control: I raise the dead without even trying. Trust me, that is not a power you want to have. Ever.Now I’m running for my life with three of my supernatural friends - a charming sorcerer, a cynical werewolf, and a disgruntled witch - and we have to find someone who can help us before the Edison Group finds us first. Or die trying.",2009,Kelley Armstrong,3427,113443,360,Young Adult,4.14,[]
572,The Botany of Desire,"Every schoolchild learns about the mutually beneficial dance of honeybees and flowers: The bee collects nectar and pollen to make honey and, in the process, spreads the flowers’ genes far and wide. In The Botany of Desire, Michael Pollan ingeniously demonstrates how people and domesticated plants have formed a similarly reciprocal relationship. He masterfully links four fundamental human desires—sweetness, beauty, intoxication, and control—with the plants that satisfy them: the apple, the tulip, marijuana, and the potato. In telling the stories of four familiar species, Pollan illustrates how the plants have evolved to satisfy humankind’s most basic yearnings. And just as we’ve benefited from these plants, we have also done well by them. So who is really domesticating whom?",2001,Michael Pollan,3767,53821,297,Nonfiction,4.06,[]
573,The Elite,"The Selection began with thirty-five girls. Now with the group narrowed down to the six Elite, the competition to win Prince Maxon's heart is fiercer than ever—and America is still struggling to decide where her heart truly lies. Is it with Maxon, who could make her life a fairy tale? Or with her first love, Aspen?America is desperate for more time. But the rest of the Elite know exactly what they want—and America's chance to choose is about to slip away.",2013,Kiera Cass,40972,686672,336,Young Adult,3.96,[]
574,The Lucky One,"When U.S. Marine Logan Thibault finds a photograph of a smiling young woman half-buried in the dirt during his third tour of duty in Iraq, his first instinct is to toss it aside. Instead, he brings it back to the base for someone to claim, but when no one does, he finds himself always carrying the photo in his pocket. Soon Thibault experiences a sudden streak of luck—winning poker games and even surviving deadly combat that kills two of his closest buddies. Only his best friend, Victor, seems to have an explanation for his good fortune: the photograph—his lucky charm.Back home in Colorado, Thibault can’t seem to get the photo—and the woman in it—out of his mind. Believing that she somehow holds the key to his destiny, he sets out on a journey across the country to find her, never expecting the strong but vulnerable woman he encounters in Hampton, North Carolina—Elizabeth, a divorced mother with a young son—to be the girl he’s been waiting his whole life to meet. Caught off guard by the attraction he feels, Thibault keeps the story of the photo, and his luck, a secret. As he and Elizabeth embark upon a passionate and all-consuming love affair, the secret he is keeping will soon threaten to tear them apart—destroying not only their love, but also their lives.Filled with tender romance and terrific suspense, The Lucky One is Nicholas Sparks at his best—an unforgettable story about the surprising paths our lives often take and the power of fate to guide us to true and everlasting love.",2007,Nicholas Sparks,10671,352176,326,Romance,4.12,[]
575,The Solitude of Prime Numbers,"A bestselling international literary sensation about whether a ""prime number"" can ever truly connect with someone else.A prime number can only be divided by itself or by one—it never truly fits with another. Alice and Mattia, both ""primes,"" are misfits who seem destined to be alone. Haunted by childhood tragedies that mark their lives, they cannot reach out to anyone else. When Alice and Mattia meet as teenagers, they recognize in each other a kindred, damaged spirit. But the mathematically gifted Mattia accepts a research position that takes him thousands of miles away, and the two are forced to separate. Then a chance occurrence reunites them and forces a lifetime of concealed emotion to the surface. Like Mark Haddon's The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time, this is a stunning meditation on loneliness, love, and the weight of childhood experience that is set to become a universal classic.",2008,Paolo Giordano,5305,67145,271,Fiction,3.63,[]
576,The Physick Book of Deliverance Dane,"A spellbinding, beautifully written novel that moves between contemporary times and one of the most fascinating and disturbing periods in American history--the Salem witch trials.Harvard graduate student Connie Goodwin needs to spend her summer doing research for her doctoral dissertation. But when her mother asks her to handle the sale of Connie's grandmother's abandoned home near Salem, she can't refuse. As she is drawn deeper into the mysteries of the family house, Connie discovers an ancient key within a seventeenth-century Bible. The key contains a yellowing fragment of parchment with a name written upon it: Deliverance Dane. This discovery launches Connie on a quest--to find out who this woman was and to unearth a rare artifact of singular power: a physick book, its pages a secret repository for lost knowledge.As the pieces of Deliverance's harrowing story begin to fall into place, Connie is haunted by visions of the long-ago witch trials, and she begins to fear that she is more tied to Salem's dark past then she could have ever imagined.Written with astonishing conviction and grace, The Physick Book of Deliverance Dane travels seamlessly between the witch trials of the 1690s and a modern woman's story of mystery, intrigue, and revelation.(katherinehowe.com)",2009,Katherine Howe,6338,55588,371,Historical Fiction,3.72,[]
577,Embassytown,"In the far future, humans have colonized a distant planet, home to the enigmatic Ariekei, sentient beings famed for a language unique in the universe, one that only a few altered human ambassadors can speak.Avice Benner Cho, a human colonist, has returned to Embassytown after years of deep-space adventure. She cannot speak the Ariekei tongue, but she is an indelible part of it, having long ago been made a figure of speech, a living simile in their language.When distant political machinations deliver a new ambassador to Arieka, the fragile equilibrium between humans and aliens is violently upset. Catastrophe looms, and Avice is torn between competing loyalties—to a husband she no longer loves, to a system she no longer trusts, and to her place in a language she cannot speak yet speaks through her.",2011,China Miéville,3429,30307,345,Science Fiction,3.89,[]
578,Eleanor Oliphant Is Completely Fine,"No one’s ever told Eleanor that life should be better than fineMeet Eleanor Oliphant: she struggles with appropriate social skills and tends to say exactly what she’s thinking. Nothing is missing in her carefully timetabled life of avoiding unnecessary human contact, where weekends are punctuated by frozen pizza, vodka, and phone chats with Mummy. But everything changes when Eleanor meets Raymond, the bumbling and deeply unhygienic IT guy from her office. When she and Raymond together save Sammy, an elderly gentleman who has fallen, the three rescue one another from the lives of isolation that they had been living. Ultimately, it is Raymond’s big heart that will help Eleanor find the way to repair her own profoundly damaged one. If she does, she'll learn that she, too, is capable of finding friendship—and even love—after all.Smart, warm, uplifting, Eleanor Oliphant Is Completely Fine is the story of an out-of-the-ordinary heroine whose deadpan weirdness and unconscious wit make for an irresistible journey as she realizes. . .  the only way to survive is to open your heart.",2017,Gail Honeyman,87604,1088521,336,Fiction,4.25,[]
579,Heat,"Bill Buford—author of the highly acclaimed best-selling Among the Thugs—had long thought of himself as a reasonably comfortable cook when in 2002 he finally decided to answer a question that had nagged him every time he prepared a meal: What kind of cook could he be if he worked in a professional kitchen? When the opportunity arose to train in the kitchen of Mario Batali’s three-star New York restaurant, Babbo, Buford grabbed it. Heat is the chronicle—sharp, funny, wonderfully exuberant—of his time spent as Batali’s “slave” and of his far-flung apprenticeships with culinary masters in Italy.In a fast-paced, candid narrative, Buford describes the frenetic experience of working in Babbo’s kitchen: the trials and errors (and more errors), humiliations and hopes, disappointments and triumphs as he worked his way up the ladder from slave to cook. He talks about his relationships with his kitchen colleagues and with the larger-than-life, hard-living Batali, whose story he learns as their friendship grows through (and sometimes despite) kitchen encounters and after-work all-nighters. Buford takes us to the restaurant in a remote Appennine village where Batali first apprenticed in Italy and where Buford learns the intricacies of handmade pasta . . . the hill town in Chianti where he is tutored in the art of butchery by Italy’s most famous butcher, a man who insists that his meat is an expression of the Italian soul . . . to London, where he is instructed in the preparation of game by Marco Pierre White, one of England’s most celebrated (or perhaps notorious) chefs. And throughout, we follow the thread of Buford’s fascinating reflections on food as a bearer of culture, on the history and development of a few special dishes (Is the shape of tortellini really based on a woman’s navel? And just what is a short rib?), and on the what and why of the foods we eat today.Heat is a marvelous hybrid: a richly evocative memoir of Buford’s kitchen adventure, the story of Batali’s amazing rise to culinary (and extra-culinary) fame, a dazzling behind-the-scenes look at the workings of a famous restaurant, and an illuminating exploration of why food matters. It is a book to delight in—and to savor.",2006,Bill Buford,2075,24149,336,Food,3.90,[]
580,Small Island,"Hortense Joseph arrives in London from Jamaica in 1948 with her life in her suitcase, her heart broken, her resolve intact. Her husband, Gilbert Joseph, returns from the war expecting to be received as a hero, but finds his status as a black man in Britain to be second class. His white landlady, Queenie, raised as a farmer's daughter, befriends Gilbert, and later Hortense, with innocence and courage, until the unexpected arrival of her husband, Bernard, who returns from combat with issues of his own to resolve. Told in these four voices, Small Island is a courageous novel of tender emotion and sparkling wit, of crossings taken and passages lost, of shattering compassion and of reckless optimism in the face of insurmountable barriers---in short, an encapsulation of the immigrant's life.",2004,Andrea Levy,2153,32742,441,Fiction,4.00,[]
581,Marie Antoinette,"Marie Antoinette's dramatic life-story continues to arouse mixed emotions. To many people, she is still 'la reine méchante', whose extravagance and frivolity helped to bring down the French monarchy; her indifference to popular suffering epitomised by the (apocryphal) words: 'let them eat cake'. Others are equally passionate in her defence: to them, she is a victim of misogyny.Antonia Fraser examines her influence over the king, Louis XVI, the accusations and sexual slurs made against her, her patronage of the arts which enhanced French cultural life, her imprisonment, the death threats made against her, rumours of lesbian affairs, her trial (during which her young son was forced to testify to sexual abuse by his mother) and her eventual execution by guillotine in 1793.",2001,Antonia Fraser,1316,36173,512,History,3.92,[]
582,Between Shades of Gray,"Lina is just like any other fifteen-year-old Lithuanian girl in 1941. She paints, she draws, she gets crushes on boys. Until one night when Soviet officers barge into her home, tearing her family from the comfortable life they've known. Separated from her father, forced onto a crowded and dirty train car, Lina, her mother, and her young brother slowly make their way north, crossing the Arctic Circle, to a work camp in the coldest reaches of Siberia. Here they are forced, under Stalin's orders, to dig for beets and fight for their lives under the cruelest of conditions.Lina finds solace in her art, meticulously—and at great risk—documenting events by drawing, hoping these messages will make their way to her father's prison camp to let him know they are still alive. It is a long and harrowing journey, spanning years and covering 6,500 miles, but it is through incredible strength, love, and hope that Lina ultimately survives. Between Shades of Gray is a novel that will steal your breath and capture your heart.",2011,Ruta Sepetys,25396,219776,344,Historical Fiction,4.37,[]
583,The Invisible Bridge,"A grand love story and an epic tale of three brothers whose lives are torn apart by war.Paris, 1937. Andras Lévi, a Hungarian Jewish architecture student, arrives from Budapest with a scholarship, a single suitcase, and a mysterious letter he has promised to deliver to C. Morgenstern on the rue de Sévigné. As he becomes involved with the letter’s recipient, his elder brother takes up medical studies in Modena, their younger brother leaves school for the stage—and Europe’s unfolding tragedy sends each of their lives into terrifying uncertainty.From the Hungarian village of Konyár to the grand opera houses of Budapest and Paris, from the lonely chill of Andras’s garret to the enduring passion he discovers on the rue de Sévigné, from the despair of a Carpathian winter to an unimaginable life in forced labor camps and beyond, The Invisible Bridge tells the unforgettable story of brothers bound by history and love, of a marriage tested by disaster, of a Jewish family’s struggle against annihilation, and of the dangerous power of art in a time of war.Length: 27 hrs and 51 mins",2010,Julie Orringer,5208,51438,28,Historical Fiction,4.18,[]
584,Tenth of December,"One of the most important and blazingly original writers of his generation, George Saunders is an undisputed master of the short story, and Tenth of December is his most honest, accessible, and moving collection yet.In the taut opening, ""Victory Lap,"" a boy witnesses the attempted abduction of the girl next door and is faced with a harrowing choice: Does he ignore what he sees, or override years of smothering advice from his parents and act? In ""Home,"" a combat-damaged soldier moves back in with his mother and struggles to reconcile the world he left with the one to which he has returned. And in the title story, a stunning meditation on imagination, memory, and loss, a middle-aged cancer patient walks into the woods to commit suicide, only to encounter a troubled young boy who, over the course of a fateful morning, gives the dying man a final chance to recall who he really is. A hapless, deluded owner of an antique store; two mothers struggling to do the right thing; a teenage girl whose idealism is challenged by a brutal brush with reality; a man tormented by a series of pharmaceutical experiments that force him to lust, to love, to kill—the unforgettable characters that populate the pages of Tenth of December are vividly and lovingly infused with Saunders' signature blend of exuberant prose, deep humanity, and stylistic innovation.Writing brilliantly and profoundly about class, sex, love, loss, work, despair, and war, Saunders cuts to the core of the contemporary experience. These stories take on the big questions and explore the fault lines of our own morality, delving into the questions of what makes us good and what makes us human.Unsettling, insightful, and hilarious, the stories in Tenth of December—through their manic energy, their focus on what is redeemable in human beings, and their generosity of spirit—not only entertain and delight; they fulfill Chekhov's dictum that art should ""prepare us for tenderness.""",2013,George Saunders,8268,70973,251,Short Stories,3.98,[]
585,Ella Minnow Pea,"Ella Minnow Pea is a girl living happily on the fictional island of Nollop off the coast of South Carolina. Nollop was named after Nevin Nollop, author of the immortal pangram,* ""The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog."" Now Ella finds herself acting to save her friends, family, and fellow citizens from the encroaching totalitarianism of the island's Council, which has banned the use of certain letters of the alphabet as they fall from a memorial statue of Nevin Nollop. As the letters progressively drop from the statue they also disappear from the novel. The result is both a hilarious and moving story of one girl's fight for freedom of expression, as well as a linguistic tour de force sure to delight word lovers everywhere.*pangram: a sentence or phrase that includes all the letters of the alphabet",2001,Mark Dunn,7297,42587,208,Fiction,3.91,[]
586,Arielle,"A mortal soul… From the time college co-ed Arielle Lloyd had been young, she had been able to hear the thoughts and feel the pain of certain others, and those she comes to think of as her special group. One friend’s dabbling with spells and magic showed her the power of love that can endure beyond the grave. But another friend’s terrifying encounter with a warlock left Arielle wary of those who claim otherworldly powers. On holiday in the south of France, a chance encounter could change her mind. Or could cost her life.An Immortal man… Sebastian Gaulle is the wealthy, handsome owner of an international company. He is also an Immortal. For five centuries he has sought the one soul who can fulfill his dreams of everlasting love. Then he meets Arielle, whose heart calls out to him like no other. A timeless love… Sebastian has made his choice clear. But jealous Immortals from his past threaten retaliation. They have vowed to destroy any woman who becomes involved with him. In spite of the powerful protection amulet Sebastian gives Arielle, death stalks their newfound love. Their love may be eternal, but they may be running out of time.",2012,Lilian Roberts,67,395,327,Paranormal,3.72,[]
587,Song of Susannah,"The Wolves have been defeated, but our tet faces yet another catastrophe. Susannah Dean’s body has been usurped by a demon named Mia who wants to use Susannah’s mortal form to bear a demon child. Stealing Black Thirteen, Mia has traveled through the Unfound Door to 1999 New York where she plans to give birth to her chap, a child born of two mothers and two fathers who will grow up to be Roland’s nemesis. With the help of the time-traveling Manni, Roland and Eddie plan to follow Susannah while Father Callahan and Jake will find Calvin Tower, owner of the vacant lot where a magical rose grows: a rose that must be saved at all costs. But despite our ka-tet’s intentions, ka has its own plans. Jake, Callahan, and Jake’s bumbler companion are transported to New York to follow Susannah, while Eddie and Roland are tumbled into East Stoneham, Maine, where they are greeted by Eddie’s old enemy, the gangster Balazar. But it isn’t just bullets that Roland and Eddie must brave. Soon they will meet their maker, in the form of a young author named Stephen King.",2004,Stephen King,4651,149457,544,Fantasy,3.99,[]
588,The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner,"FANS OF THE TWILIGHT SAGA WILL BE ENTHRALLED BY THIS RIVETING STORY OF BREE TANNER, A CHARACTER FIRST INTRODUCED IN ECLIPSE, AND THE DARKER SIDE OF THE NEWBORN VAMPIRE WORLD SHE INHABITS.BREE TANNER CAN BARELY REMEMBER LIFE before she had uncannily powerful senses, superhuman reflexes, and unstoppable physical strength. Life before she had a relentless thirst for blood... life before she became a vampire.ALL BREE KNOWS IS THAT LIVING WITH HER fellow newborns has few certainties and even fewer rules: watch your back, don't draw attention to yourself, and above all, make it home by sunrise or die. What she doesn't know: her time as an immortal is quickly running out.THEN BREE FINDS AN UNEXPECTED FRIEND in Diego, a newborn just as curious as Bree about their mysterious creator, whom they only know as her. As they come to realize that the newborns are pawns in a game larger than anything they could have imagined, Bree and Diego must choose sides and decide whom to trust. But when everything you know about vampires is based on a lie, how do you find the truth?IN ANOTHER IRRESISTIBLE COMBINATION of danger, mystery, and romance, Stephenie Meyer tells the devastating story of the newborn army as they prepare to close in on Bella Swan and the Cullens, following their encounter to its unforgettable conclusion.",2009,Stephenie Meyer,12153,209317,178,Young Adult,3.51,[]
589,View Points and Points of View,"This is described as a Phoetry Book, and Phoetry is defined as a fusion of Poetry and Photography. Both Clive Blake, the poet, and Chris Robbins, the photographer, grew up on Cornish family farms. Their love of Cornwall and the natural environment is self-evident in both the poems and the images. Both have also had to cope with disabilities, but this seems to intensify their creativity rather than hinder it. Adrian Blake, the graphic designer, has used his design skills to sympathetically and very effectively pull the whole thing together. This has ensured that the whole book has a very contemporary and pleasing feel to it. The subject matter is wide and varied, and is by no means limited to Cornwall's borders. Emotions are stretched in all directions, but the Cornish dry-wit, humour and general sense of fun is never far away. Clive's poetry has been described as user-friendly and he has been described as a peoples-poet, since his poetry is very easy to read and understand. Despite this he still manages to convey a very powerful and compelling message. This book does not allow normal conventions to restrict it. The book starts with The End, allows some of its text to slope at gravity defying angles and with the poem Happiless, boasts the shortest published poem in the world. Packed with sixty poems accompanied by sixty stunning images, everyone who reads it seems to have their own particular favourites. This is a book which really does have something for everyone. You can purchase this book via www.emuhouse.co.uk or from a growing list of retailers, as detailed on the emuhouse website. Most people are very surprised at the books very competitive pricing. This book has been deliberately priced to make a quality gift, at a very affordable price.",2009,Clive Blake,9,40,112,coffee-table,4.08,"[""A great book, I bought it mainly for the fantastic photography by Chris Robbins and its Cornish connections. I don't consider myself to be a poetry lover as such, but Clive Blake's poetry is so humourous, thought provoking, easily accessible and refreshingly different, that I'm now a fully fledged poetry loving convert! The joint authors actually call their book a 'Phoetry Book', because poems and photos are blended together to create a very powerful and evocative, overall effect. I do indeed leave this book on my coffee table and can't resist picking it up and 'lucky-dipping' through the sixty different poem/photo combinations. I'd recommend it as both an essential read for anyone and as an ideal gift. It will certainly solve my 'annual present dilemma' this Christmas.Show more"", ""We saw Clive Blake performing some of his poetry at this years Fowey Fringe Festival, Cornwall UK and really enjoyed the poems and his very annimated style of performing them. He said during the performance that his poetry style was like a combination of William Blake, Pam Ayres and Tommy Cooper, I wouldn't disagree with this description. We (me plus nephew and niece) enjoyed the performance so much I bought the book. I wasn't disappointed, the book contains Clive's quirky and highly amusing poetry style with some fantastic photographs. The poems and photography work amazingly well together.Show more"", 'I found this book to be both entertaining and deep with humour and photos a really good read', 'This is a superb little gem,with quirky poems written by Clive Blake brought to life by the evocative photographs of Chris Robbins.A must for any coffee table,don`t miss it...', ""If you love Poetry, you'll love this. Fantastic."", 'Great juxtoposition of poems and pictures. Well done.', ""This is such a beautiful book! The poetry is just wonderful and it's complimented so well by fabulous photographs. I would certainly recommend it to anyone as it's full of fun, humour, sadness, passion, history and pulls at the old heartstrings in a big way. I have bought several copies for friends and family members and everyone has loved it too. Clive Blake and Chris Robins make a brilliant partnership and the books appeals to young and old alike. With Christmas looming, it would make a superb present. An excellent read and at an incredibly low price. Buy it and see for yourself!! Show more"", 'A most interesting take on the world. Makes for a both enjoyable and thought provoking read. The author has a unique way with words and to match that to some first class photos was an ingenious idea.', 'Way to much rhyming for my taste . . . . a little simplistic in places with some good pieces mixed in. ']"
590,The Travelers Within,"Simon had always followed a typical routine in life. Work, TV, Sleep, Repeat. But when an unexpected series of events sends him on a wild adventure through Central America, his typically mundane world takes a dramatic turn to the extraordinary.With no previous experience in third world travel, and driven only by a newly ignited lust for life and the need to survive, Simon sets forth on an epic journey through the dangerous mountains of Guatemala, the smuggler's jungles of Nicaragua, the islands of Honduras and more. Meeting a wonderful and eclectic cast of characters along the way, Simon eventually links up with Jonah, a young survival expert with a plan as bizarre and terrifying as anything Simon could have ever imagined. Inspired by real places and stories from the road, The Travelers Within: Into The Unknown is told with intrigue, suspense, humor and insight, capturing a visceral spirit of adventure and bringing out the wanderlust hidden deep within all of us.",2020,Daniel Mode,21,78,389,Travel,4.09,[]
591,Blood Bound,"Under the rule of science, there are no witch burnings allowed, no water trials or public lynchings. In return, the average law-abiding, solid citizen has little to worry about from the things that go bump in the night. Sometimes I wish I was an average citizen...Mechanic Mercy Thompson has friends in low places-and in dark ones. And now she owes one of them a favor. Since she can shapeshift at will, she agrees to act as some extra muscle when her vampire friend Stefan goes to deliver a message to another of his kind.But this new vampire is hardly ordinary-and neither is the demon inside of him.",2007,Patricia Briggs,4582,123423,292,Urban Fantasy,4.31,[]
592,The Gathering,"Sixteen-year-old Maya is just an ordinary teen in an ordinary town. Sure, she doesn't know much about her background - the only thing she really has to cling to is an odd paw-print birthmark on her hip - but she never really put much thought into who her parents were or how she ended up with her adopted parents in this tiny medical-research community on Vancouver Island.Until now.Strange things have been happening in this claustrophobic town - from the mountain lions that have been approaching Maya to her best friend's hidden talent for ""feeling"" out people and situations, to the sexy new bad boy who makes Maya feel...different. Combine that with a few unexplained deaths and a mystery involving Maya's biological parents and it's easy to suspect that this town might have more than its share of skeletons in its closet.",2011,Kelley Armstrong,3473,62931,359,Young Adult,4.01,[]
593,Walks Away Woman,"Ki Longfellow, acclaimed author of Flow Down Like Silver: Hypatia of Alexandria, The Secret Magdalene, and Houdini Heart has penned Walks Away Woman, a remarkable story of an ordinary woman driven to an extraordinary decision. Overwhelmed, overwrought, and overweight, an everyday housewife walks into the Sonoran Desert to die.But there's more to a desert than sand or death. There's thorns, venom, claws, heat, thirst, other people—and unexpected adventure.As she says, ""It's because your gums are receding and your hair is thinning and your neckline is sagging. It's because all you ever had was your youth, and you spent that so long ago now it's hard to remember what you bought with it. Mrs. Warner shuddered in her loosening skin, was almost running now. It's because you're scared. Lately you're so scared and so aimless and so useless you sleep half the day and panic half the night. In between, you watch TV to ward off the evil of watching yourself. So—if not death, then what?""When she tripped over a rock—and in tripping, plunged over the edge of a cliff—Mrs. Warner had forgotten the desert, the cacti, the heat, the hunger, the thirst. All that was left was an ever increasing panic and an ever deepening desperation. And then there was the shock of falling and the screaming inside: Here we go, here we go—but don't hurt, don't hurt. Oh god, please! Don't hurt!After that, there was nothing.""Until she woke up at the bottom of an arroyo with a lot of surviving to do. And all she had was her purse. It wasn't much to face a desert with, but Mrs. Warner, born Molly Brock, was in a fight for her life, the life she didn't want until she was just about to lose it.What's an everyday housewife to do? In Molly's case, a lot. And every bit of it changing her from ordinary to extraordinary.",2013,Ki Longfellow,132,1140,254,Survival,4.37,[]
594,The Hero of Ages,"""Description contains spoilers for previous book in the series""Who is the Hero of Ages?To end the Final Empire and restore freedom, Vin killed the Lord Ruler. But as a result, the Deepness—the lethal form of the ubiquitous mists—is back, along with increasingly heavy ashfalls and ever more powerful earthquakes. Humanity appears to be doomed.Having escaped death at the climax of The Well of Ascension only by becoming a Mistborn himself, Emperor Elend Venture hopes to find clues left behind by the Lord Ruler that will allow him to save the world. Vin is consumed with guilt at having been tricked into releasing the mystic force known as Ruin from the Well. Ruin wants to end the world, and its near omniscience and ability to warp reality make stopping it seem impossible. Vin can't even discuss it with Elend lest Ruin learn their plans!",2008,Brandon Sanderson,24030,360641,572,Fiction,4.52,[]
595,"Where'd You Go, Bernadette","Bernadette Fox has vanished.When her daughter Bee claims a family trip to Antarctica as a reward for perfect grades, Bernadette, a fiercely intelligent shut-in, throws herself into preparations for the trip. But worn down by years of trying to live the Seattle life she never wanted, Ms. Fox is on the brink of a meltdown. And after a school fundraiser goes disastrously awry at her hands, she disappears, leaving her family to pick up the pieces--which is exactly what Bee does, weaving together an elaborate web of emails, invoices, and school memos that reveals a secret past Bernadette has been hiding for decades. Where'd You Go Bernadette is an ingenious and unabashedly entertaining novel about a family coming to terms with who they are and the power of a daughter's love for her mother.",2012,Maria Semple,47023,548281,330,Fiction,3.88,[]
596,Master of the Senate,"The most riveting political biography of our time, Robert A. Caro’s life of Lyndon B. Johnson, continues. Master of the Senate takes Johnson’s story through one of its most remarkable periods: his twelve years, from 1949 through 1960, in the United States Senate. Once the most august and revered body in politics, by the time Johnson arrived the Senate had become a parody of itself and an obstacle that for decades had blocked desperately needed liberal legislation. Caro shows how Johnson’s brilliance, charm, and ruthlessness enabled him to become the youngest and most powerful Majority Leader in history and how he used his incomparable legislative genius--seducing both Northern liberals and Southern conservatives--to pass the first Civil Rights legislation since Reconstruction. Brilliantly weaving rich detail into a gripping narrative, Caro gives us both a galvanizing portrait of Johnson himself and a definitive and revelatory study of the workings of legislative power.",2002,Robert A. Caro,1017,21401,1167,Biography,4.38,[]
597,Vashua's Messenger,"Would you risk your life to take a message of hope to your enemies? David Decker nearly got killed during his stay on Arana, and that was a friendly planet. Now he must go to three hostile worlds that are sworn enemies to everything he holds dear. Will anyone listen to him? He knows one thing for certain: his message has the power to heal their lives or stir up their murderous rage.",2005,Julie Rollins,6,52,240,Christian Fiction,4.44,[]
598,Trust,"In BETRAYED, the second installment of the Trust series, Sophia, Ethan and Alistair will face and revisit their past dark deeds. Each one of them will need to overcome their guilt, fear and pain and learn to see themselves through forgiving eyes. Or succumb to their misery.Alistair Connor MacCraig, a powerful banker, and Ethan Ashford, a steel tycoon, are both in love with Sophia Leibowitz, the ravishing owner of Leibowitz Oil.Sophia fells for Alistair's seduction. She is determined to have a relationship with him but a dark and terrible secret lurks beneath the surface she presents to the world. When she regains her memories, shame and fear will take control of her. Will she be able to find peace within herself?Alistair is in love with Sophia but he has difficulties overcoming his guilty over his daughter's death and his sexual preferences. Certain that he doesn't deserve to be loved, he would do everything to push Sophia away, despite his love for her. Will he be able to find redemption? Ethan, no less haunted by his secrets and lies, lives in an alternate reality because the loss of Sophia is too unbearable to face. He would do everything to have Sophia back in his arms.",2013,Cristiane Serruya,57,283,558,Romance,4.03,[]
599,Princess Academy,"Miri lives on a mountain where, for generations, her ancestors have quarried stone and lived a simple life. Then word comes that the king's priests have divined her small village the home of the future princess. In a year's time, the prince himself will come and choose his bride from among the girls of the village. The king's ministers set up an academy on the mountain, and every teenage girl must attend and learn how to become a princess.Miri soon finds herself confronted with a harsh academy mistress, bitter competition among the girls, and her own conflicting desires to be chosen and win the heart of her childhood best friend. But when bandits seek out the academy to kidnap the future princess, Miri must rally the girls together and use a power unique to the mountain dwellers to save herself and her classmates.",2005,Shannon Hale,9071,113274,314,Fantasy,4.03,[]
600,Why Not-World,"Librarian's note: Alternate cover edition of ISBN 1481959824.Young Elsie Boncoeur is staging a one-girl rebellion against a world full of ignorance and prejudice, but her search for a world based on intelligence and justice leads her into a surreal alternate universe, where Einstein won World War II, the Greek gods were real and the citizenry are guided by the moral precepts of a lost Shakespeare comedy.",2013,Alexei Maxim Russell,10,57,358,Fantasy,4.09,[]
601,Cry Wolf,"Anna never knew werewolves existed, until the night she survived a violent attack... and became one herself. After three years at the bottom of the pack, she'd learned to keep her head down and never, ever trust dominant males. Then Charles Cornick, the enforcer—and son—of the leader of the North American werewolves, came into her life.Charles insists that not only is Anna his mate, but she is also a rare and valued Omega wolf. And it is Anna's inner strength and calming presence that will prove invaluable as she and Charles go on the hunt in search of a rogue werewolf—a creature bound in magic so dark that it could threaten all of the pack.It is recommended you read the prequel ""Alpha & Omega"" before reading Cry Wolf.",2008,Patricia Briggs,4506,99133,294,Urban Fantasy,4.12,[]
602,The Girl Who Chased the Moon,"In her latest enchanting novel, New York Times bestselling author Sarah Addison Allen invites you to a quirky little Southern town with more magic than a full Carolina moon. Here two very different women discover how to find their place in the world--no matter how out of place they feel. Emily Benedict came to Mullaby, North Carolina, hoping to solve at least some of the riddles surrounding her mother’s life. Such as, why did Dulcie Shelby leave her hometown so suddenly? And why did she vow never to return? But the moment Emily enters the house where her mother grew up and meets the grandfather she never knew--a reclusive, real-life gentle giant--she realizes that mysteries aren’t solved in Mullaby, they’re a way of life: Here are rooms where the wallpaper changes to suit your mood. Unexplained lights skip across the yard at midnight. And a neighbor bakes hope in the form of cakes.Everyone in Mullaby adores Julia Winterson’s cakes--which is a good thing, because Julia can’t seem to stop baking them. She offers them to satisfy the town’s sweet tooth but also in the hope of rekindling the love she fears might be lost forever. Flour, eggs, milk, and sugar . . . Baking is the only language the proud but vulnerable Julia has to communicate what is truly in her heart. But is it enough to call back to her those she’s hurt in the past? Can a hummingbird cake really bring back a lost love? Is there really a ghost dancing in Emily’s backyard? The answers are never what you expect. But in this town of lovable misfits, the unexpected fits right in.",2010,Sarah Addison Allen,6946,58625,288,Fiction,3.97,[]
603,The Golem and the Jinni,"Chava is a golem, a creature made of clay, brought to life by a disgraced rabbi who dabbles in dark Kabbalistic magic, created to be the wife of a man who dies at sea on the voyage from Poland. Chava is unmoored and adrift as the ship arrives in New York harbor in 1899. Ahmad is a jinni, a being of fire born in the ancient Syrian desert, trapped in an old copper flask, and released in New York City, though still not entirely free. Ahmad and Chava become unlikely friends and soul mates with a mystical connection. Marvelous and compulsively readable, Helene Wecker's debut novel The Golem and the Jinni weaves strands of Yiddish and Middle Eastern literature, historical fiction and magical fable, into a wondrously inventive and unforgettable tale.",2013,Helene Wecker,14844,117934,486,Fantasy,4.12,[]
604,Hex Hall,"Three years ago, Sophie Mercer discovered that she was a witch. It's gotten her into a few scrapes. Her non-gifted mother has been as supportive as possible, consulting Sophie's estranged father—an elusive European warlock—only when necessary. But when Sophie attracts too much human attention for a prom-night spell gone horribly wrong, it's her dad who decides her punishment: exile to Hex Hall, an isolated reform school for wayward Prodigium, a.k.a. witches, faeries, and shapeshifters. By the end of her first day among fellow freak-teens, Sophie has quite a scorecard: three powerful enemies who look like supermodels, a futile crush on a gorgeous warlock, a creepy tag-along ghost, and a new roommate who happens to be the most hated person and only vampire student on campus. Worse, Sophie soon learns that a mysterious predator has been attacking students, and her only friend is the number-one suspect. As a series of blood-curdling mysteries starts to converge, Sophie prepares for the biggest threat of all: an ancient secret society determined to destroy all Prodigium, especially her.",her.,Rachel Hawkins,8692,139802,,Young Adult,3.93,[]
605,Dark Fire,"        It is 1540, and Henry VIII has been on the throne for thirty-one years when Matthew Shardlake, the lawyer renowned as ""the sharpest hunchback in the courts of England,"" is pressed to help a friend's young niece who is charged with murder.         Despite threats of torture and death by the rack, the girl is inexplicably silent. Shardlake is about to lose her case when he is suddenly granted a reprieve - one that will ensnare him again in the dangerous schemes of Thomas Cromwell, Henry VIII's feared vicar general.          In exchange for two more weeks to investigate the murder, Shardlake accepts Cromwell's assignment to find a lost cache of Dark Fire, an ancient weapon of mass destruction. Cromwell, out of favor since Henry's disastrous marriage to Anne of Cleves, is relying on Shardlake's discovery to save his position at court, which is rife with conspiracy",2004,C.J. Sansom,1593,26369,501,Historical Fiction,4.29,[]
606,Angry Housewives Eating Bon Bons,"The women of Freesia Court are convinced that there is nothing good coffee, delectable desserts, and a strong shoulder can’t fix. Laughter is the glue that holds them together—the foundation of a book group they call AHEB (Angry Housewives Eating Bon Bons), an unofficial “club” that becomes much more. It becomes a lifeline. Holding on through forty eventful years, there’s Faith, a lonely mother of twins who harbors a terrible secret that has condemned her to living a lie; big, beautiful Audrey, the resident sex queen who knows that with good posture and an attitude you can get away with anything; Merit, the shy doctor’s wife with the face of an angel and the private hell of an abusive husband; Kari, a wise woman with a wonderful laugh who knows the greatest gifts appear after life’s fiercest storms; and finally, Slip, a tiny spitfire of a woman who isn’t afraid to look trouble straight in the eye. This stalwart group of friends depicts a special slice of American life, of stay-at-home days and new careers, of children and grandchildren, of bold beginnings and second chances, in which the power of forgiveness, understanding, and the perfectly timed giggle fit is the CPR that mends broken hearts and shattered dreams.",2003,Lorna Landvik,3420,36113,512,Fiction,3.81,[]
607,Just After Sunset,"Just after sunset, as darkness grips the imagination, is the time when you feel the unexpected creep into the everyday. As familiar journeys take a different turn, ordinary objects assume extraordinary powers.A blind intruder visits a dying man - and saves his life, with a kiss.A woman receives a phone call from her husband. Her LATE husband.In the emotional aftermath of her baby's sudden death, Emily starts running. And running. Her curiosity leads her right into the hands of a murderer... and soon her legs are her only hope for survival.Enter a world of masterful suspense, dark comedy and thrilling twists which will keep you riveted from the fist page.",2008,Stephen King,3046,52123,367,Horror,3.88,[]
608,Memories of My Melancholy Whores,"On the eve of his ninetieth birthday a bachelor decides to give himself a wild night of love with a virgin. As is his habit–he has purchased hundreds of women–he asks a madam for her assistance. The fourteen-year-old girl who is procured for him is enchanting, but exhausted as she is from caring for siblings and her job sewing buttons, she can do little but sleep. Yet with this sleeping beauty at his side, it is he who awakens to a romance he has never known. Tender, knowing, and slyly comic, Memories of My Melancholy Whores is an exquisite addition to the master’s work.--back cover",2004,Gabriel García Márquez,5132,81197,115,Fiction,3.59,[]
609,Lover Awakened,"In the shadows of the night in Caldwell, New York, there’s a deadly war raging between vampires and their slayers. And there exists a secret band of brothers like no other - six vampire warriors, defenders of their race. Of these, Zsadist is the most terrifying member of the Black Dagger Brotherhood.A former blood slave, the vampire Zsadist still bears the scars from a past filled with suffering and humiliation. Renowned for his unquenchable fury and sinister deeds, he is a savage feared by humans and vampires alike. Anger is his only companion, and terror is his only passion—until he rescues a beautiful aristocrat from the evil Lessening Society.Bella is instantly entranced by the seething power Zsadist possesses. But even as their desire for one another begins to overtake them both, Zsadist’s thirst for vengeance against Bella’s tormentors drives him to the brink of madness. Now, Bella must help her lover overcome the wounds of his tortured past, and find a future with her…",2006,J.R. Ward,7657,175067,434,Romance,4.44,[]
610,The Cuckoo's Calling,"After losing his leg to a land mine in Afghanistan, Cormoran Strike is barely scraping by as a private investigator. Then John Bristow walks through his door with an amazing story: His sister, the legendary supermodel Lula Landry, famously fell to her death a few months earlier. The police ruled it a suicide, but John refuses to believe that. The case plunges Strike into the world of multimillionaire beauties, rock-star boyfriends, and desperate designers, and it introduces him to every variety of pleasure, enticement, seduction, and delusion known to man.",2013,Robert Galbraith,36078,549958,456,Mystery,3.88,[]
611,Lock and Key,"Ruby, where is your mother? Ruby knows that the game is up. For the past few months, she's been on her own in the yellow house, managing somehow, knowing that her mother will probably never return. That's how she comes to live with Cora, the sister she hasn't seen in ten years, and Cora's husband Jamie, whose down-to-earth demeanor makes it hard for Ruby to believe he founded the most popular networking Web site around. A luxurious house, fancy private school, a new wardrobe, the promise of college and a future; it's a dream come true. So why is Ruby such a reluctant Cinderella, wary and defensive? And why is Nate, the genial boy next door with some secrets of his own, unable to accept the help that Ruby is just learning to give? Best-selling author Sarah Dessen explores the heart of a gutsy, complex girl dealing with unforeseen circumstances and learning to trust again.",2008,Sarah Dessen,5723,147703,432,Young Adult,4.00,[]
612,Diary of a Bad Year,"Diary of a Bad Year takes on the world of politics—a new topic for Coetzee—and explores the role of the writer in our times with an extraordinary moral compass. J.M. Coetzee once again breaks literary ground with Diary of a Bad Year, a book that is, in the words of its protagonist, a response to the present in which I find myself. Aging author Senor C has been commissioned to write a series of essays entitled Strong Opinions, of which he has many. After hiring a beautiful young typist named Anya, the two embark on a relationship that will have a profound impact on them both especially when Alan, Anya's no-good boyfriend, develops designs on Senor C's bank account. Told in these three voices simultaneously, Coetzee has created any entirely new way of telling a story, and nothing less than an involving, argumentative, moving novel (The New Yorker).",2007,J.M. Coetzee,607,5351,231,Fiction,3.61,[]
613,Ilium,"The Trojan War rages at the foot of Olympos Mons on Mars—observed and influenced from on high by Zeus and his immortal family—and twenty-first-century professor Thomas Hockenberry is there to play a role in the insidious private wars of vengeful gods and goddesses. On Earth, a small band of the few remaining humans pursues a lost past and devastating truth—as four sentient machines depart from Jovian space to investigate, perhaps terminate, the potentially catastrophic emissions emanating from a mountaintop miles above the terraformed surface of the Red Planet.",2003,Dan Simmons,1287,28953,731,Science Fiction,4.03,[]
614,Changes,"Long ago, Susan Rodriguez was Harry Dresden's lover-until she was attacked by his enemies, leaving her torn between her own humanity and the bloodlust of the vampiric Red Court. Susan then disappeared to South America, where she could fight both her savage gift and those who cursed her with it. Now Arianna Ortega, Duchess of the Red Court, has discovered a secret Susan has long kept, and she plans to use it-against Harry. To prevail this time, he may have no choice but to embrace the raging fury of his own untapped dark power. Because Harry's not fighting to save the world... He's fighting to save his child.",2010,Jim Butcher,4725,110700,438,Fantasy,4.50,[]
615,Look Me in the Eye,"Ever since he was small, John Robison had longed to connect with other people, but by the time he was a teenager, his odd habits—an inclination to blurt out non sequiturs, avoid eye contact, dismantle radios, and dig five-foot holes (and stick his younger brother in them)—had earned him the label “social deviant.” No guidance came from his mother, who conversed with light fixtures, or his father, who spent evenings pickling himself in sherry. It was no wonder he gravitated to machines, which could, at least, be counted on.After fleeing his parents and dropping out of high school, his savant-like ability to visualize electronic circuits landed him a gig with KISS, for whom he created their legendary fire-breathing guitars. Later, he drifted into a “real” job, as an engineer for a major toy company. But the higher Robison rose in the company, the more he had to pretend to be “normal” and do what he simply couldn’t: communicate. It wasn’t worth the paycheck.It was not until he was forty that an insightful therapist told him he had the form of autism called Asperger’s syndrome. That understanding transformed the way Robison saw himself—and the world.Look Me in the Eye is the moving, darkly funny story of growing up with Asperger’s at a time when the diagnosis simply didn’t exist. A born storyteller, Robison takes you inside the head of a boy whom teachers and other adults regarded as “defective,” who could not avail himself of KISS’s endless supply of groupies, and who still has a peculiar aversion to using people’s given names (he calls his wife “Unit Two”). He also provides a fascinating reverse angle on the younger brother he left at the mercy of their nutty parents—the boy who would later change his name to Augusten Burroughs and write the bestselling memoir Running with Scissors.Ultimately, this is the story of Robison’s journey from his world into ours, and his new life as a husband, father, and successful small business owner—repairing his beloved high-end automobiles. It’s a strange, sly, indelible account—sometimes alien, yet always deeply human.",2007,John Elder Robison,4485,66370,288,Nonfiction,3.91,[]
616,Until I Find You,"Every major character in Until I Find You has been marked for life – not only William Burns, a church organist who is addicted to being tattooed, but also William's song, Jack, an actor who is shaped as a child by his relationships with older women. And Jack's mother, Alice – a Toronto tattoo artist – has been permanently damaged by William's rejection of her. This is a novel about the loss of innocence, on many levels.",2005,John Irving,1675,26151,820,Fiction,3.65,[]
617,"Thinking, Fast and Slow","In the highly anticipated Thinking, Fast and Slow, Kahneman takes us on a groundbreaking tour of the mind and explains the two systems that drive the way we think. System 1 is fast, intuitive, and emotional; System 2 is slower, more deliberative, and more logical. Kahneman exposes the extraordinary capabilities—and also the faults and biases—of fast thinking, and reveals the pervasive influence of intuitive impressions on our thoughts and behavior. The impact of loss aversion and overconfidence on corporate strategies, the difficulties of predicting what will make us happy in the future, the challenges of properly framing risks at work and at home, the profound effect of cognitive biases on everything from playing the stock market to planning the next vacation—each of these can be understood only by knowing how the two systems work together to shape our judgments and decisions.Engaging the reader in a lively conversation about how we think, Kahneman reveals where we can and cannot trust our intuitions and how we can tap into the benefits of slow thinking. He offers practical and enlightening insights into how choices are made in both our business and our personal lives—and how we can use different techniques to guard against the mental glitches that often get us into trouble. Thinking, Fast and Slow will transform the way you think about thinking.",2011,Daniel Kahneman,15243,445719,499,Nonfiction,4.18,[]
618,Soulless,"Alexia Tarabotti is laboring under a great many social tribulations. First, she has no soul. Second, she's a spinster whose father is both Italian and dead. Third, she was rudely attacked by a vampire, breaking all standards of social etiquette.Where to go from there? From bad to worse apparently, for Alexia accidentally kills the vampire--and then the appalling Lord Maccon (loud, messy, gorgeous, and werewolf) is sent by Queen Victoria to investigate.With unexpected vampires appearing and expected vampires disappearing, everyone seems to believe Alexia responsible. Can she figure out what is actually happening to London's high society? Will her soulless ability to negate supernatural powers prove useful or just plain embarrassing? Finally, who is the real enemy, and do they have treacle tart?",2009,Gail Carriger,10875,107557,357,Steampunk,3.89,[]
619,Leviathan,"Prince Aleksander, would-be heir to the Austro-Hungarian throne, is on the run. His own people have turned on him. His title is worthless. All he has is a battletorn war machine and a loyal crew of men.Deryn Sharp is a commoner, disguised as a boy in the British Air Service. She's a brilliant airman. But her secret is in constant danger of being discovered.With World War I brewing, Alek and Deryn's paths cross in the most unexpected way…taking them on a fantastical, around-the-world adventure that will change both their lives forever.",2009,Scott Westerfeld,7252,90458,448,Steampunk,3.91,[]
620,The Prague Cemetery,"  19th-century Europe—from Turin to Prague to Paris—abounds with the ghastly and the mysterious. Conspiracies rule history. Jesuits plot against Freemasons. Italian republicans strangle priests with their own intestines. French criminals plan bombings by day and celebrate Black Masses at night. Every nation has its own secret service, perpetrating forgeries, plots, and massacres. From the unification of Italy to the Paris Commune to the Dreyfus Affair to The Protocols of the Elders of Zion, Europe is in tumult and everyone needs a scapegoat. But what if, behind all of these conspiracies both real and imagined, lay one lone man? What if that evil genius created its most infamous document?　 Eco takes his readers here on an unforgettable journey through the underbelly of world-shattering events. This is Eco at his most exciting, a book immediately hailed as his masterpiece. 　",2010,Umberto Eco,2615,26180,445,Fiction,3.48,[]
621,I Shall Wear Midnight,"It starts with whispers.Then someone picks up a stone.Finally, the fires begin.When people turn on witches, the innocents suffer. . . Tiffany Aching has spent years studying with senior witches, and now she is on her own. As the witch of the Chalk, she performs the bits of witchcraft that aren't sparkly, aren't fun, don't involve any kind of wand, and that people seldom ever hear about: She does the unglamorous work of caring for the needy.But someone or something is igniting fear, inculcating dark thoughts and angry murmurs against witches. Aided by her tiny blue allies, the Wee Free Men, Tiffany must find the source of this unrest and defeat the evil at its root before it takes her life. Because if Tiffany falls, the whole Chalk falls with her.Chilling drama combines with laugh-out-loud humor and searing insight as beloved and bestselling author Terry Pratchett tells the high-stakes story of a young witch who stands in the gap between good and evil.",2010,Terry Pratchett,2503,53267,349,Fantasy,4.34,[]
622,Going Postal,"Moist von Lipwig was a con artist and a fraud and a man faced with a life choice: be hanged, or put Ankh-Morpork's ailing postal service back on its feet.It was a tough decision.But he has to see that the mail gets through, come rain, hail, sleet, dogs, the Post Office Workers' Friendly and Benevolent Society, the evil chairman of the Grand Trunk Semaphore Company, and a midnight killer.Getting a date with Adora Bell Dearheart would be nice, too.Maybe it'll take a criminal to succeed where honest men have failed, or maybe it's a death sentence either way. Or perhaps there's a shot at redemption in the mad world of the mail, waiting for a man who's prepared to push the envelope...",2004,Terry Pratchett,3956,116877,394,Fantasy,4.39,[]
623,The Ruins of Gorlan,"They have always scared him in the past — the Rangers, with their dark cloaks and shadowy ways. The villagers believe the Rangers practice magic that makes them invisible to ordinary people. And now 15-year-old Will, always small for his age, has been chosen as a Ranger's apprentice. What he doesn't yet realize is that the Rangers are the protectors of the kingdom. Highly trained in the skills of battle and surveillance, they fight the battles before the battles reach the people. And as Will is about to learn, there is a large battle brewing. The exiled Morgarath, Lord of the Mountains of Rain and Night, is gathering his forces for an attack on the kingdom. This time, he will not be denied....",2004,John Flanagan,9384,148093,249,Fantasy,4.24,[]
624,Go Set a Watchman,"From Harper Lee comes a landmark new novel set two decades after her beloved Pulitzer Prize-winning masterpiece, To Kill a Mockingbird. Maycomb, Alabama. Twenty-six-year-old Jean Louise Finch—""Scout""—returns home from New York City to visit her aging father, Atticus. Set against the backdrop of the civil rights tensions and political turmoil that were transforming the South, Jean Louise's homecoming turns bittersweet when she learns disturbing truths about her close-knit family, the town and the people dearest to her. Memories from her childhood flood back, and her values and assumptions are thrown into doubt. Featuring many of the iconic characters from To Kill a Mockingbird, Go Set a Watchman perfectly captures a young woman, and a world, in a painful yet necessary transition out of the illusions of the past—a journey that can be guided only by one's conscience. Written in the mid-1950s, Go Set a Watchman imparts a fuller, richer understanding and appreciation of Harper Lee. Here is an unforgettable novel of wisdom, humanity, passion, humor and effortless precision—a profoundly affecting work of art that is both wonderfully evocative of another era and relevant to our own times. It not only confirms the enduring brilliance of To Kill a Mockingbird, but also serves as its essential companion, adding depth, context and new meaning to an American classic.",2015,Harper Lee,31728,261248,278,Fiction,3.31,[]
625,Born to Run,"Full of incredible characters, amazing athletic achievements, cutting-edge science, and, most of all, pure inspiration, Born to Run is an epic adventure that began with one simple question: Why does my foot hurt? In search of an answer, Christopher McDougall sets off to find a tribe of the world’s greatest distance runners and learn their secrets, and in the process shows us that everything we thought we knew about running is wrong.Isolated by the most savage terrain in North America, the reclusive Tarahumara Indians of Mexico’s deadly Copper Canyons are custodians of a lost art. For centuries they have practiced techniques that allow them to run hundreds of miles without rest and chase down anything from a deer to an Olympic marathoner while enjoying every mile of it. Their superhuman talent is matched by uncanny health and serenity, leaving the Tarahumara immune to the diseases and strife that plague modern existence. With the help of Caballo Blanco, a mysterious loner who lives among the tribe, the author was able not only to uncover the secrets of the Tarahumara but also to find his own inner ultra-athlete, as he trained for the challenge of a lifetime: a fifty-mile race through the heart of Tarahumara country pitting the tribe against an odd band of Americans, including a star ultramarathoner, a beautiful young surfer, and a barefoot wonder.With a sharp wit and wild exuberance, McDougall takes us from the high-tech science labs at Harvard to the sun-baked valleys and freezing peaks across North America, where ever-growing numbers of ultrarunners are pushing their bodies to the limit, and, finally, to the climactic race in the Copper Canyons. Born to Run is that rare book that will not only engage your mind but inspire your body when you realize that the secret to happiness is right at your feet, and that you, indeed all of us, were born to run.",2009,Christopher McDougall,15905,199452,287,Nonfiction,4.30,[]
626,Ruby Red,"Although I had never seen him before, I recognized him immediately. I'd have known his voice anywhere. This was the guy I'd seen on my last journey back in time.Or more precisely, the one who'd kissed my doppelganger while I was hiding behind the curtain in disbelief.Sixteen-year-old Gwen lives with her extended - and rather eccentric - family in an exclusive London neighborhood. In spite of her ancestors' peculiar history, she's had a relatively normal life so far. The time-traveling gene that runs like a secret thread through the female half of the family is supposed to have skipped over Gwen, so she hasn't been introduced to ""the mysteries,"" and can spend her time hanging out with her best friend, Lesley. It comes as an unwelcome surprise when she starts taking sudden, uncontrolled leaps into the past.She's totally unprepared for time travel, not to mention all that comes with it: fancy clothes, archaic manners, a mysterious secret society, and Gideon, her time-traveling counterpart. He's obnoxious, a know-it-all, and possibly the best-looking guy she's seen in any century...",2009,Kerstin Gier,11649,142947,324,Fantasy,4.12,[]
627,Heart-Shaped Box,"An aging death-metal rock god, Judas Coyne, is a collector of the macabre: a cookbook for cannibals... a used hangman's noose... a snuff film. But nothing he possesses is as unlikely or as dreadful as an item he learns is for sale on the Internet. For a thousand dollars, Jude will become the proud owner of a dead man's suit, said to be haunted by the deceased's restless spirit. Judas has spent a lifetime coping with ghosts - of an abusive father, of the lovers he callously abandoned, of the bandmates he betrayed - so what's one more?But what UPS delivers to his door in a black heart-shaped box is no imaginary or metaphorical ghost, it's the real thing. And suddenly the suit's previous owner is everywhere - behind the bedroom door... seated in Jude's restored vintage Mustang... staring out from his widescreen TV - dangling a gleaming razor blade on a chain from one hand...",2007,Joe Hill,10138,127144,376,Horror,3.85,[]
628,"Hateship, Friendship, Courtship, Loveship, Marriage","In the her tenth collection (the title story of which is the basis for the new film Hateship Loveship), Alice Munro achieves new heights, creating narratives that loop and swerve like memory, and conjuring up characters as thorny and contradictory as people we know ourselves.A tough-minded housekeeper jettisons the habits of a lifetime because of a teenager’s practical joke. A college student visiting her brassy, unconventional aunt stumbles on an astonishing secret and its meaning in her own life. An incorrigible philanderer responds with unexpected grace to his wife’s nursing-home romance. Hateship, Friendship, Courtship, Loveship, Marriage is Munro at her best, tirelessly observant, serenely free of illusion, deeply and gloriously humane.",2001,Alice Munro,1818,18791,323,Short Stories,4.04,[]
629,America (The Book),"Jon Stewart, host of the Emmy and Peabody Award-winning The Daily Show, and his coterie of patriots, deliver a hilarious look at American government.American-style democracy is the world's most beloved form of government, which explains why so many other nations are eager for us to impose it on them. But what is American democracy? In America (The Book), Jon Stewart and The Daily Show writing staff offer their insights into our unique system of government, dissecting its institutions, explaining its history and processes, and exploring the reasons why concepts like one man, one vote, government by the people, and every vote counts have become such popular urban myths. Topics include: Ancient Rome: The First Republicans; The Founding Fathers: Young, Gifted, and White; The Media: Can it Be Stopped?; and more!",over,Jon   Stewart,1457,94986,,Humor,4.00,[]
630,Genghis,"He was born Temujin, the son of a khan, raised in a clan of hunters migrating across the rugged steppe. Temujin's young life was shaped by a series of brutal acts: the betrayal of his father by a neighboring tribe and the abandonment of his entire family, cruelly left to die on the harsh plain. But Temujin endured--and from that moment on, he was driven by a singular fury: to survive in the face of death, to kill before being killed, and to conquer enemies who could come without warning from beyond the horizon.Through a series of courageous raids against the Tartars, Temujin's legend grew. And so did the challenges he faced--from the machinations of a Chinese ambassador to the brutal abduction of his young wife, Borte. Blessed with ferocious courage, it was the young warrior's ability to learn, to imagine, and to judge the hearts of others that propelled him to greater and greater power. Until Temujin was chasing a vision: to unite many tribes into one, to make the earth tremble under the hoofbeats of a thousand warhorses, to subject unknown nations and even empires to his will.",2007,Conn Iggulden,1767,32063,528,Historical Fiction,4.38,[]
631,Nothing to Envy,"Nothing to Envy follows the lives of six North Koreans over fifteen years—a chaotic period that saw the death of Kim Il-sung, the unchallenged rise to power of his son Kim Jong-il, and the devastation of a far-ranging famine that killed one-fifth of the population. Taking us into a landscape most of us have never before seen, award-winning journalist Barbara Demick brings to life what it means to be living under the most repressive totalitarian regime today—an Orwellian world that is by choice not connected to the Internet, in which radio and television dials are welded to the one government station, and where displays of affection are punished; a police state where informants are rewarded and where an offhand remark can send a person to the gulag for life. Demick takes us deep inside the country, beyond the reach of government censors. Through meticulous and sensitive reporting, we see her six subjects—average North Korean citizens—fall in love, raise families, nurture ambitions, and struggle for survival. One by one, we experience the moments when they realize that their government has betrayed them.  Nothing to Envy is a groundbreaking addition to the literature of totalitarianism and an eye-opening look at a closed world that is of increasing global importance.",2009,Barbara Demick,8733,80326,316,Nonfiction,4.44,[]
632,What I Loved,"This is the story of two men who first become friends in 1970s New York, of the women in their lives, of their sons, born the same year, and of how relations between the two families become strained, first by tragedy, then by a monstrous duplicity which comes slowly and corrosively to the surface.",2002,Siri Hustvedt,1626,18579,370,Fiction,4.08,[]
633,The Immortals of Meluha,"1900 BC. In what modern Indians mistakenly call the Indus Valley Civilisation. The inhabitants of that period called it the land of Meluha a near perfect empire created many centuries earlier by Lord Ram, one of the greatest monarchs that ever lived. This once proud empire and its Suryavanshi rulers face severe perils as its primary river, the revered Saraswati, is slowly drying to extinction. They also face devastating terrorist attacks from the east, the land of the Chandravanshis. To make matters worse, the Chandravanshis appear to have allied with the Nagas, an ostracised and sinister race of deformed humans with astonishing martial skills!The only hope for the Suryavanshis is an ancient legend: When evil reaches epic proportions, when all seems lost, when it appears that your enemies have triumphed, a hero will emerge.Is the rough-hewn Tibetan immigrant Shiva, really that hero? And does he want to be that hero at all? Drawn suddenly to his destiny, by duty as well as by love, will Shiva lead the Suryavanshi vengeance and destroy evil?",vil?,Amish Tripathi,6511,117127,,Fiction,4.12,[]
634,The Pale King,"The agents at the IRS Regional Examination Center in Peoria, Illinois, appear ordinary enough to newly arrived trainee David Foster Wallace. But as he immerses himself in a routine so tedious and repetitive that new employees receive boredom-survival training, he learns of the extraordinary variety of personalities drawn to this strange calling. And he has arrived at a moment when forces within the IRS are plotting to eliminate even what little humanity and dignity the work still has.The Pale King remained unfinished at the time of David Foster Wallace's death, but it is a deeply compelling and satisfying novel, hilarious and fearless and as original as anything Wallace ever undertook. It grapples directly with ultimate questions--questions of life's meaning and of the value of work and society--through characters imagined with the interior force and generosity that were Wallace's unique gifts. Along the way it suggests a new idea of heroism and commands infinite respect for one of the most daring writers of our time.",2011,David Foster Wallace,2082,17247,548,Fiction,3.97,[]
635,Walking On Air,"From ""incomparable"" (Fresh Fiction) author Catherine Anderson comes a novel of lost souls, second chances, and love everlasting.... Random, Colorado, is just another stop on the road for solitary gunslinger Gabriel Valance. Known for his drinking, gambling, and womanizing, he prefers to remain a stranger to anyone who crosses his path. But when an upstart gunslinger catches Gabe off guard and shoots him down, he regrets his empty, lonely life with his dying breath.... Golden-haired beauty Nancy Hoffman settled in Random after fleeing an abusive past. Caring for her younger sister and working in a hat shop help her to forge ahead, though she remains fearful and mistrustful of men—and marriage....  Their paths will cross when Gabe gets a second chance at life and a divine mission: to sweep Nancy off her feet, gain her trust, and convince her to believe in his love. And in doing so, the once-hardened cowboy may save himself....   ",2014,Catherine Anderson,349,1720,432,Romance,4.17,[]
636,Melody Jackson and the House on Lafayette Street,"NOTE: this book is currently in moratorium. Please see the two currently produced books in the series: Melody Jackson v. the Woman in White, or Melody Jackson v. the Hound from Hell, or check out http:\\www.lafayettestreetbooks.com for the current line of Melody Jackson books and swag.The house next door had always been a little creepy. But when her father began to tell stories of his own childhood, Melody Jackson knew this wasn't going to be an average summer vacation.This is the story about a smart girl who hates new-fangled technologies, and is more interested in machinery and objects of the past. Melody also believes little in the ways of spiritual, metaphysical, or the unprovable. She's home schooled, a little nerdy but a stern realist. It isn't long, however, before Melody stumbles into some very old truths of the world and the universe. Dark, horrible things.It was the house next door, which was really the start of it. The house had always been a little creepy, but when her father began to open up with stories of his own childhood, Melody Jackson knew this wasn't going to be an average summer vacation.Join Melody, her parents, and her friend Flutter (who becomes fixated with the creepy neighbor next door) as they travel through a whirlwind of adventure, suspense and terror. Starting at the local, haunted amusement park and ending with a terrifying night drive to nearly bottomless lake in the dark, Melody's view of the world would never quite be the same again.From the AuthorB.M.B. Johnson lives in Portland with his own family. Although the events of this novel are fictional, the characters and some of the situations are very similar.From the Back CoverFrom behind the door came a deep, grumbling voice. The words were unintelligible, and Melody could not decide if they were produced by a human or the presupposed spectral entity from the depths of her imagination. This was followed by a whirlwind of clicking, as though a multitude of hands were undoing dozens of locks in quick succession.""This is it,"" Melody said, much too softly for Flutter to hear. ""This is the end."" She only wished her parents were here so she could say goodbye to them.",2014,B.M.B. Johnson,30,59,312,Fantasy,4.53,[]
639,The Valley of Unknowing,"“Remarkable…Superbly anchored in place and time…[A] brilliant, evocative and accurate novel.” —The Times (London)In the twilight years of Communist East Germany, Bruno Krug, author of a single world-famous novel written twenty years earlier, falls for Theresa Aden, a music student from the West. But Theresa has also caught the eye of a cocky young scriptwriter who delights in satirizing Krug’s work.Asked to appraise a mysterious manuscript, Bruno is disturbed to find that the author is none other than his rival. Disconcertingly, the book is good—very good. But there is hope for the older man: the unwelcome masterpiece is dangerously political. Krug decides that if his affair with Theresa is to prove more than a fling, he must employ a small deception. But in the Workers’ and Peasants’ State, knowing the deceiver from the deceived, the betrayer from the betrayed, isn’t just difficult: it can be a matter of life and death.This subtle, brilliantly plotted story will remind many readers of von Donnersmarck’s Oscar-winning film The Lives of Others.",2012,Philip Sington,62,354,298,Historical Fiction,3.84,[]
640,The Gravedigger's Daughter,"Fleeing Nazi Germany in 1936, the Schwarts immigrate to a small town in upstate New York. Here the father—a former high school teacher—is demeaned by the only job he can get: gravedigger and cemetery caretaker. When local prejudice and the family's own emotional frailty give rise to an unthinkable tragedy, the gravedigger's daughter, Rebecca heads out into America. Embarking upon an extraordinary odyssey of erotic risk and ingenious self-invention, she seeks renewal, redemption, and peace—on the road to a bittersweet and distinctly “American” triumph.",2007,Joyce Carol Oates,1205,10424,582,Fiction,3.57,"['Anduve un tiempo, hace ya unos cuantos años, entusiasmado con esta autora tras leer Qué fue de los Mulvaney y, sobre todo, Niágara. Después, la admiración se aplacó muchísimo con la lectura de Ave del paraíso y la cosa apenas levantó el vuelo con esta que ahora comento. Aunque la parte en la que cuenta la vida en la casa del sepulturero es muy buena, está a la altura de las dos novelas que cito arriba (aunque haya algún detalle un poco chocante), el resto de la historia decae de forma lamentable.Show more', '(Reprinted from the Chicago Center for Literature and Photography [cclapcenter.com]. I am the original author of this essay, as well as the owner of CCLaP; it is not being reprinted here illegally.)So what\'s the dark fear that lies in the inner heart of all erudite nerds? Namely this -- that no matter how educated, intelligent or well-read you are, there are always going to be a certain amount of very well-known authors you have never read at all, not even one single page of, and that at any moment this fact might be discovered by your fellow erudite nerds. Just take me, for example, who can count among completely unread authors such stalwarts as (deep breath, Jason, deep breath) Ernest Hemingway, John Steinbeck, William Faulkner, Norman Mailer, Augusten Burroughs, Dave Eggers, and dozens more embarrassing admissions. So needless to say that I was excited to recently come across the latest novel by Joyce Carol Oates at my local library, 2007\'s The Gravedigger\'s Daughter, because Oates is yet another of these classic ""everyone has read at least one book by her"" authors who I haven\'t read myself; and that\'s apparently a shame, according to my fellow book-loving geeks, given that Oates (a lit professor at Princeton) has been a multiple nominee over the years of the Pulitzer Prize, National Book Award, National Book Critics Circle Award, PEN/Faulkner Award and Orange Prize, not to mention the actual winner of an NBA (in 1970), a Stoker Award and a dozen other accolades. And this is to say nothing of The Gravedigger\'s Daughter in particular, which made the New York Times\' ""10 Most Notable Books of the Year"" list last year; and of course all of this is small potatoes compared to the greatest achievement of Oates\' entire career so far, making it into the Revered And Blessed Oprah\'s Book Club Hallowed Be Her Name Amen.So I checked it out and sat down a couple of weeks ago to read it; and then about a week later, found myself finally giving up on it for good around page 250 or so (or roughly halfway through), after two days of literally dreading the idea of even physically picking the book up again. So what happened? Well, to answer that, maybe it would be better for me to ask you a series of questions, questions I\'ve been starting to wonder more and more about the longer CCLaP has been open. Ready?--Why is it that almost all novels revered by the academic community principally feature characters who are constantly in a state of being slightly miserable? And not miserable as in ""interesting"" miserable, but miserable as in ""that whiny professor in the corner of the room who ruins every godd-mn party they\'re invited to"" miserable?--Why is it that almost all award-winning novels go way out of their way, deliberately out of their way, to show off what pretty language that author knows, completely removing the reader from the natural pace and rhythm of the story itself? Why can no academically revered novel simply let the reader get lost in the actual story, which is the entire point of a novel even existing?*--Why is it that academes are so fascinated by mediocre EveryPeople living in bland surroundings, who do nothing with their unremarkable lives and yet somehow still manage to make a whole series of terrible life decisions? Why do so many people in the academic community think that this makes for fascinating literature, and why do they think we should sympathize or even care about such oblivious, socially retarded chumps?It\'s the great mystery of the arts, I\'m beginning to understand, as CCLaP has me reading academically-revered award-winning novels on a regular basis for the first time in my life; that the exact novels most lauded by this community are the very ones least fitting the definition of an entertaining novel, the ones that instead most call attention to themselves as ""precious works of art"" more fit for years of overeducated analysis instead of simple pleasure. And in this I guess the so-called ""mainstream literature"" community is just like any community of genre fans as well, in that they are constantly in need of justifying their existence too, constantly in need of explaining why anyone should devote such time and energy doing delicate little analyses of barely readable books. It\'s disappointing to be sure, to realize that these revered prize lists are in actuality not a reliable way at all to simply find good books by good authors; it\'s a lesson about the arts I\'m reminded of again by The Gravedigger\'s Daughter, a lesson I think I\'ll be paying more attention to in the future.Out of 10: 4.8*And since we\'re on the subject....Sheesh, Oates, will you please stop using exclamation marks! Over and over! In awkward places in your paragraphs! To make your point! Crazy you are driving me! Good literature this is not! Oh, and speaking of which, why like Yoda all your Jewish characters talk? Slightly offensive in a hazily defined way it is! UGH, this book drove me crazy. Show more', ""This was obviously a very beautiful book, coming from Joyce Carol Oates. It deals with Rebecca, the gravedigger's daughter, whose family moved to America just before the 2nd World War started. In many ways, this is a coming-of-age story because we get to hear about Rebecca's life from she's an infant till she's a grown woman. However, Oates' structure is beautifully puzzling as she starts the novel when Rebecca is in her twenties, on her way home from work. This is a story about struggles and how you often repeat patterns in your life, no matter how destructive they may be. It's very clear from the beginning that Rebecca sees herself as 'The Gravedigger's Daughter' because she is living with a constant, terrifying fear of her father who was a monster. Joyce Carol Oates writes beautifully about history and life, and some of her sentences are breath-taking. Meanwhile, I did miss some kind of resolution in the end, especially when it comes to specific characters that we hear nothing about. But other than that, this novel was stunning and it has peaked my interest to get to know Oates' works even better. Show more"", 'This book would have had much higher marks from me if it would have ended differently.This is my first Joyce Carol Oates read and was for a face to face bookclub. In general I\'m not drawn to ""women in jepordy"" stories but I\'m always willing to give something new a try.I was drawn to the character Rebecca and wanted to see her life work out for the better. And ultimately things did get better for her. She finally did re-marry although she was permenently damaged from her first husband.The worst thing about this book is, for me it didn\'t seem to go anywhere. It was simply a chronical of her life. I expected the husband to show up in some climatic scene but he just simply vanished - discovered dead years ago. No phantom here.I\'m also VERY confused by the way it ended. In San Francisco after her son plays in the piano concert...did he win? Did he continue with the piano? The letters in the epilogue seemed to indicate he did continue with the piano - but why did we end here? What was the ultimate conflict/resoution of this book? Am I just not ""intelligent"" enough to see some deeper meaning - did it pass over my head?Finally I was even more confused by the series of letters at the end. What a strange segue. They were desperate, pleading, from both sides two woman with only a passing shared past but somehow linked in a way that for me defied logic. The epilogue was so divergent from the rest of the book it was as if I went into a parallel dimension. I keep thinking there must be more ""there"" .... ""there"" but I did not see it. I\'ll be interesting to hear what the coversation goes like at the bookclub meeting.Show more', 'Lo so, sono un po\' volitivo e mi lascio prendere dall\'entusiasmo facilmente: ora Joyce Carol Oates è diventata la mia scrittrice preferita a discapito della mia amata Ginzburg, ma dannazione è davvero una penna formidabile. Questo romanzo mi ha coinvolto dalla prima all\'ultima pagina cambiando abilmente gli ambienti, i personaggi e perfino lo stile di scrittura con l\'ultima (magnifica!) parte in forma ""epistolare"". Trovo sia meraviglioso il modo in cui la Oates conosca i suoi personaggi; non è una banalità, in quanto si può creare con leggerezza lasciando in evidenza solo due tre tratti caratteristici, ma i personaggi di questa scrittrice sembrano plasmati con la cera fin dentro le trombe di Eustachio, hanno una profondità tale che ti sembra di vederli e averli conosciuti, ti sembra che il loro passato non emerga piatto da appunti su un foglio di carta ma soffi turbinoso come un vortice di esperienze vere, dolorose, umane. C\'è una empatia magica che fuoriesce da personaggi affatto positivi quali Jacob Schwart, Niles Tignor o il vecchio Gallagher; e allo stesso tempo c\'è una incredibile forza psicologica emergente da Rebecca/Hazel, lo spessore di una persona autentica, la fierezza di una donna che si trova a combattere in un mondo che la vuole sotterrare. C\'è da restare ammirati e grati per una simile potenza di prosa. Ora che ti ho trovata non ti mollo, Joyce Carol, ci puoi scommettere.Show more', 'I guess I liked this book, but reading it once is plenty for me. It was very well-written, but I just could not handle how ungodly depressing it was. Honestly, the main character can\'t seem to go ten pages without getting the shit kicked out of her (literally and figuratively) by all the Mean Bad Men in her life. First there\'s her father, who goes apeshit when his daughter dares to enter a spelling bee (I still don\'t get that); then there\'s her husband, who chooses beating the shit out of her as an acceptable courtship ritual; and then there\'s the guy she meets after leaving the husband, who never really did anything to her but creeped me out none the less. This book is basically a manual on Why Life Sucks For Everyone, and the worst part is, it doesn\'t even have an ending. You know those books that just stop? That\'s what The Gravedigger\'s Daughter does, and it is irritating. Fun Fact: I read the majority of this book on a 9-hour plane ride, and by doing so discovered a fun challenge: trying to read a book about how evil and crazy men are while 27 Dresses plays on the video screen directly above your line of vision. Looking up from my book about spousal abuse and depression, I would watch Katherine Heigal prancing around onscreen with James Marsden and all I could think was, ""You stupid bitch, get away from him while you still can! He will get jealous and paranoid and the next thing you know, he\'s kicking you in the face for asking where he was all night."" Show more', 'Once again, I must diverge from the critics who loved this Joyce Carol Oates novel. Apparently I didn\'t learn my lesson with ""We Were the Mulvaneys."" I don\'t know where to start, so I\'ll just list the major problems: a bloated and disjointed narrative, overwrought prose, and a nonsensical epilogue. Good times... Show more', 'O poveste despre supravietuire si multa ambitie - in ciuda tuturor contextelor nefavorabile. Sunt atinse multe subiecte sensibile (rasism, violenta domestica, saracie, lipsa educatiei, alcoolism) si se pune accent si pe lejeritatea oamenilor de a pune etichete celor din jur.Mi-a placut foarte mult stilul - dur, simplu, dar foarte intens; de asemenea, am apreciat pasajele de introspectie. Cu siguranta o sa incerc si alte romane de Joyce Carol Oates :).""In lumea animalelor, cei slabi sunt degraba inlaturati. Asa ca tre\' sa-ti ascunzi slabiciunea, Rebecca. Cu totii trebuie sa facem asta.""Show more', 'Nu sunt încă hotărâtă dacă mi-a plăcut povestea, deși promitea la început, dar scrierea m-a convins. Este o scriere ciudată, care reia de multe ori faptele întâmplate din diverse unghiuri, punând accent pe sentimentele și trăirile personajului principal. Inițial, am empatizat profund cu eroina, am compătimit-o și i-am dorit să-și găsească într-un fel salvarea, dar m-a dezamăgit până la final. Mi s-a părut că, înaintând în vârstă, devine din ce în ce mai rece, mai închisă și mai detașată de viață, prea pretențioasă cu lumea și cumva prea plină de importanța conferită de noul nivel social. Nici măcar scrisorile de la final nu m-au convins, cărora nu le-am înțeles rostul. Povestea îi împarte viața în două jumătăți: prima parte tragică, plină de drame, de lipsuri, pierderi, dezamăgiri și amărăciune, și, a doua parte, aflată sub o stea mult prea norocoasă, în care-și găsește liniștea și care-i oferă un statut superior și foarte confortabil.https://booknation.ro/recenzie-fiica-...Show more', ""A character's worst fear should be to appear in a Joyce Carol Oates novel. It's pretty well guaranteed his or her like is going to suck.Still, though, I keep picking them up. And as decently written as they may be, I'm miserable right along with everyone else. There's never a glimmer of hope, a break from the compounding gloom. As a reader, the weight lands firmly on your shoulders for the length of the book. Join us for a walk of pain.Gravedigger's Daughter is no exception. I felt for the protagonist, I did. I was proud to watch her pull past her shameful upbringing. Glad to see her throw off the shackles of the abusive husband. Excited to observe her raise a piano prodigy.But you know what? The whole time, I knew: None of it would make her thrive. Each advance was some new twisted purgatory, and there was no chance for a happy ending.I was right. Show more"", 'Raw and gritty and saucy and rich. And tremulous. And reflective. And melancholy. The prose of life, of American life. Of a woman, told by a woman. After this book I want to read everything Joyce Carol Oates has ever written.', 'I\'ve not read a great deal of Joyce Carol Oates\' copious publication list, but the Gravedigger\'s Daughter seems to be at the more reserved, conventional end of her spectrum. It is the story of a lifetime, a classic American lifetime from blighted immigrant upbringing to eventual success, or success-through-children as is often the case. In the meantime, much contemplation of the perils of being a women, and of being a single mother, and of being a foreigner. Of perseverance and the loneliness of steadfast purpose, and the necessary but insurmountably isolating walls we build. Strange that other reviews complain that the prose is excessive, as I would actually say that with her more markedly modernist or gothic tendancies reigned in somewhat, Oates\' deft, precise touch for the description of details both internal and external is her strongest asset. Her words are crisp and effective, and occasionally glittering, without ever slowing from a brisk and utterly readable presentation. Which is to say that this reads essentially like the literary bestseller that it was, I suppose. I have to admit that such heartfelt realist narratives aren\'t entirely to my taste these days, but I managed not to be bored for almost 600 pages, which says something. Slows a bit towards the end (inevitably, I was more interested in the protagonist\'s tumultous youth than ever more stable middle age) but even then, Oates chooses her scenes well to keep things moving along. Oh, and Oates can\'t possibly shake off her all her gothic predilections, either -- one seemingly inconsequential point resurafaces rather startlingly, tying things a little tighter than expected. And now time to go back to some bizarro sci-fi or something....Lengthy past thoughts at the mid-point: For christmas. This is something like Joyce Carol Oates\' 53rd novel (not exaggerating, she\'s written at least one a year for the length of her productive career, plus buckets of stories). And I\'ll admit, though I loved her eerie 1976 5-voice stream-of-consciousness nocturne Childwold (a totally random used bookshop selection whose design and first page seemed perfect), that I\'m always a little unsure of picking up her others. Why? Because they can\'t all be good, can they? And I can\'t possibly dig through all of them in search of more Childwold-caliber material (it\'s barely on goodreads, and the reviews that there are are pretty middling). And I hear lots of conflicting things about her. Some people complain about her often dense prose and weirdo gothic modernism, some seem to steer clear based on the mass exposure and Oprah-book-clubbing of We Were the Mulvaneys which seems to suggest over-sentiment or something (what it probably actually suggests is overwhelming tragedy, sentimental or not). Some complain that her entire catalog is solid but increasingly redundant as you read more and more of it. So, tricky. So I\'m actually pretty grateful for this well-placed gift, to slice through my indecision. And so how is this? I\'d worried that modern, more popular Oates might be a little more conservative in prose style, and compared to Childwold, it certainly is. But by normal bestseller standards, it\'s clear that Oates can really write. With sharp, finely-worked prose, with a decent sense of how to juggle chronology for juxtaposition and pacing, with conviction and convincing voice and convincing, lived sense of the inevitability of tragedy (and a little of that Faulknerian sense of familial doom). So it\'s pretty good. It captures well the sadness of being alive, the sadness of being an immigrant, The Sadness of Being a Girl (borrowing the phrase from an old Vietnamese psych rock song from this comp), which is what I gather a lot of ""serious"" (i.e. non-gothic, non-pseudonym) Oates is essentially concerned with. But at 600 hundred pages, a lot of this seems inessential, too. Rebecca Schwart\'s story is perhaps sadly quintessential, and the prose is great line-for-line, but there\'s nothing here that burns to be spoken, exactly, or that burns to be spoken slowly, over hundreds of pages of carefully-wrought description. (The inessentialness of a long, dense career, maybe. The inessentialness of telling things in great detail just because you can. Or maybe I\'ve been spoiled by compact, concise storytelling lately.) But this sill moves well under its own momentum. I guess I\'ll have to see where the second half takes me.Show more', 'A wonderful multi-layered novel of penetrating psychological insight and human understanding from a master.', ""This is a book about identity, about coming to terms with your past and being who you are. About family, battered women and their husbands. About the immigrant experience.Oates details the story of Rebecca Schwart's life from her earliest childhood and on. Rebecca is the third child of poor, immigrant Jewish parents who arrived in the States in the 30 and Rebecca was actually born in New York Harbor, making her a US citizen as the only one in the family.The book starts with Rebecca thinking back on her parents - and we learn that her father came to a violent end, but not how - I was instantly hooked. Then the book follows Rebecca in her life as a wife to Niles Tignor and mother of little Niley (Niles Jr.) with flashes back to her childhood with a father being more and more mad and feeling like it was them against the others. He forbade Rebecca's mother to speak German and in that way stripped her of her ability to communicate and be an individual and he controlled everything in the house. In Germany, he was a teacher and a cultured man - in the States he works as the gravedigger doing manual labor and is not respected at all - he and his family are actually victims of some anti-semitic 'jokes', both real and imagined.In Rebecca's current life, she is married and a mother - but her husband perhaps isn't all he claimed to be and Rebecca has to escape with Niley and she starts a new life - as Hazel Jones. She chooses that name because she meets a man one day who thinks she's Hazel Jones and she stars believing she could be.The truth of that encounter is revealed towards the end of the book - in a way, only Oates can pull off.But Hazel manages to - cunningly - create a new life and two new identities for her and her little boy, Zacharias who turns out to be a wonderful piano player - a skill he inherited from his maternal grandmother.In the end, Rebecca comes full circle and face to face with her past.As always, I love the way Oates writes. She seems so in control of her language and her story and characters and everything works together beautifully. Her way of letting a person's thoughts and imaginations being part of the text but written in cursive, makes the characters have so much depth and this was another wonderful book by her.I always say - and write - that Oates write about the American dream gone bad. In this book, she doesn't. Rebecca actually achieve the American dream - she creates a great life for herself and her son. But she does so at a cost - no one knows who she actually is (except Niley/Zacharias who grows detached because of this shared, but hidden, knowledge) and she constantly wears a facade as the perfect woman, always smiling, always pleasing her man. She pays a huge price for this, her chosen way of life - and even though she had to go into hiding to get away from her abusive husband, the question remains whether the way she chose to do it was worth it in the end.And she learns the wisdom of her father's advice: In animal life the weak are quickly disposed of. So you must hide your weakness, Rebecca. We must.. And she does.Show more"", ""If there were six or seven stars to give them to this book, I would think that not enough! It has more than earned a place on my Favorites shelf. Now my favorite Oates novel out of the 20 or so (I lost count) of her books I’ve read. And what is it about? A “Graveddigger’s Daughter”? Yes. But also memory, perspective, and history intersecting, specifically during and especially in the decades following World War II in a culture somehow drowning deep in and yet distant from the war's reality. It’s about the politics of gender and of relationships both in general and in specific situations. It’s about intersecting and contrasting perspectives but needs no heavy handed narrative device of “this is Hazel’s chapter, now Zack’s chapter, now Gallagher’s chapter.” And it prudently leaves in darkness the characters whose minds it couldn’t have penetrated and lets them puzzle and haunt us. Oates doesn’t take on a single challenge this novel cannot meet. She never twists the plot, complicates a character, or even executes a sentence for the sake of showing us what she can do. She doesn’t need to. I came with high expectations because of praise and recommendations from friends. But I came, nevertheless, to a book by an author whose assets I thought I had appraised quite well. I’ve come away with new respect for what she can really do. What a priceless experience to be convinced me that one of my two favorite living authors is even better than I thought she was! Despite my usual inclination to hold an editor’s pen in my mind and rewrite anything I thought I could improve, all I ever wanted to do was trade a comma for a semicolon, combine sentences, or perhaps strike out an adjective every 50 pages or so. And even then, a part of me screamed, “Don’t touch anything!” I kept wondering how long it took Oates to write this novel (which I intend to find out if I can) and how many times she read it herself to perfect it. Some readers have criticized Oates for “dashing off” or “churning out” book after book with, they contend, some disregard for quality. With all due respect for them but despite my usual reluctance to argue about such things, I’d aggressively question anyone who said Oates “churned out” or “dashed off” this incredible book. (Knowing Oates, however, I’ll bet that she did write it far more quickly than would seem possible to me. She’s done that with numerous books.).I’d recommend the novel highly to almost anyone and am certain that I’ll be reading it again someday, perhaps even more than once. I absolutely loved it! Show more"", 'I\'m still up in the air about whether I liked this book or not. I picked it up because I had heard of the author, but have never read anything by her before. It is the story of Rebecca, the daughter of German immigrants to America. The father was a Math teacher, but takes the only job that he can in America, digging graves. The family tries to assimilate to America, while at the same time maintaining their prejudices and believes about Americans.The story is very violent as Rebecca deals with an abusive and mentally unstable father and depressive mother. When she finally escapes, she marries an abusive husband. She then goes on the run from him with their son and assumes yet another identity.I found the book very negative, however I don\'t think the author meant it to be. I would read and think ""What else? What else can happen to this woman?"" But Rebecca never feels pity for herself. And in a way, I didn\'t care for her because we never learned about the emotion and the drive behind her life choices. She was intensely private, so much so that a lot of her was shielded from the reader.Yet I thought the story was fascinating and even though there were many twists and turns, I was intrigued by all of them.Show more', ""This was my necessary breezy read after the last one. It's the second thing I've read by this author, who seems to be really well-appreciated by the world, but I am still ambivalent about her work. It is easy to get into but also easy to fall right back out of- I guess that's what I will say. She is very prolific, though- it could be that I'm just reading the wrong things. This one is about a woman who has a really hard childhood and young adulthood and gets a lot of abuse, and then she goes on and makes a life for herself by having this kind of double identity and smiling a lot and never trusting anybody. There are some interesting things about immigration, and maybe gender, the holocaust... Show more"", 'So first of all I have to acknowledge that it took me a long time to get through this and that is no fault of the book. I have a lot going on right now and just don\'t have more than 15-20 minutes of fiction reading per day, most days.I should also add that this is not a happy book, while it has a happy ending of sorts (Rebecca ends up safe and fairly well-off and her son is a successful musician, but she is lonely and never able to reveal her true self in important relationships). Oates is very powerful at illustrating the gore and fear in everyday life. She illuminates power differentials very well to emphasize all the many ways that people (usually women) living in fear kowtow to their ""masters"" by suppressing themselves.Essentially Oates grasps the trauma of repeated abuse and the way it frames both thinking and behavior throughout one\'s life.I, once again, always, don\'t have a lot of time this morning and so will end my review there with just some direct quotes below. I would not recommend this if you are looking for something light; but I would emphasize that this book feels true and important.""Worse-come-to-worst was the expression. A married woman saves in secret, not in a bank, but somewhere in her house, for that day of reckoning worse-come-to-worst.""""the response to anything out-of-the-ordinary by local standards: a derisive laugh""""To get things right. To get those things right that you could, amid so much that you could not.""""Rececca stared up at him, and saw how he hated her. She would wonder what Jacob Schwart saw, in her: what there was in her, a child of five, he so despised.""""Rebecca came to see that it was like a wound. Being a girl.""""As the hotel room was cleaned, as Rebecca moped, scrubbed, scoured, vacuumed, re-made the gbed, restored order to what had ben so ugly, she began to feel elated. As the harsh odor of cleanser repleased other odors in the bathroom and the mirror and white porcelain sink brightened, so her spirits revivied.""""You made your bed, now lie in it. It was the wisdom of peasants. It was a gritty wisdom of the soil. It was not to be questioned.""""How flattered a man is, that a woman should laugh at his jokes! How childlike in his soul, wishing to trust a woman. Because she is attractive, and young. Because she is alone.""""In animal life the weakest are quickly disposed of. That\'s religion: the only religion.""Show more', 'Un libro de 700 páginas tiene como reto principal mantener la intriga en su historia y el lento pero consistente desarrollo en la vida de sus personajes. Es inevitable que la trama desfallezca por momentos, pero si la intriga perdura es muy probable que el lector no desista en su lectura.Eso me pasó con La hija del sepulturero, novela con grandes momentos de crudeza, rabia y emoción y cuya protagonista navega por una serie de adversidades no solo desde niña, cuando vivía con sus padres y dos hermanos, una familia de alemanes exiliados en EEUU a causa de la llegada de Hitler al poder, sino a causa de su primer amor a los 16 años. Show more', 'When I reached for my first book by Joyce Carol Oates, The Gravedigger\'s Daughter, I must admit I was expecting a somewhat sugar-coated and sweetened novel about a poor little girl, daughter of refugees from pre-war Germany, who grows up being mocked and bullied by her peers. I was somewhat expecting a novel about pity and unfair treatment. Probably it was the book cover that added a lot in forming this wrong expectation of mine. And while in a sense, I did find pity and drama in this book, they were far from the sugar-coated and sweet, naive rendition I expected. This is a book with a lot of blood, guts, and madness in it.The Gravedigger\'s Daughter is a novel about growing up in an unhealthy environment, in which everyone slowly looses their mind, sense of reality, or sense of right and wrong. Rebecca Schwart grows up being a part of German disfunctional family of refugees that treat the outer world as a constant threat, everyone else (them, the others) as constantly mocking and will-intentioned, while the family itself is the only place you are being kept safe. As long as you keep your mouth shut. German becomes a forbidden language even behind the closed doors of home, while English is a language still unknown and foreign. Background and history are never to be talked about and every memory of the old world is to be forgotten. The past has never happened and the future is something that ""they, the others"" have already taken. And while the family is trying to stay safe from ""them, the others"", it slowly grinds itself down into hatred, madness, and death. Growing up in such a dark and cold environment in a corner of a cemetary until a tragedy follows as the result of a horrific and destructive crime, Rebecca is being dragged out into the open world of ""the others"" where years later, walking home to her 3-year-old son she meets Hazel Jones. The idea of Hazel Jones. In this novel we follow the struggle for survival of a young woman trying to keep her son safe, while constantly playing Tag with reality and sanity. This gripping novel takes us through the thoughts and actions of a woman very close to losing her mind so many times, while at other times being extremely sharp and clear-minded. A woman trying to build a safe future for herself and her son, while still dragging the shackles of her past with her. A past she is doing her best to hide from, but one that closely follows her everywhere.I was so enthralled by this book that I could not stop reading it for days. But as much as I loved it, I must admit that the ending was a bit too vague for my personal taste. Joyce Carol Oates is a remarkable storyteller, her prose is swift and silky, the story unravels in a perfect pace and with great detail that is rarely superfluous or tedious, but towards the last 100-150 pages I felt a slight shift in its focus, a slight uncertainty in where it\'s all headed to. Even though I am not in love with the ending itself, however, I am still very fascinated with Oates writing and am already looking forward to reading my next book by her.Show more', '  Just finished. I\'m guilty of needing books with ""purpose"". Not necessarily happy endings, but at least fulfilling on some level. This left me feeling empty and adrift. Not satisfied in any way. ""We Were the Mulvaneys"" was the first book I ever read by Oates. I thought it was magnificent. So raw and frighteningly truthful. It caused me to seek out her other works. But this...this left me wanting, and not in a good way. It actually gave me a headache. I don\'t know, maybe it was just too much of a cultural difference for me to ""get it"". Maybe it\'s just too deep for me. Who knows. It was certainly a disappointment.Show more', 'Joyce Carol Oates is probably our most prolific writer. I\'ve read so many of her novels, and she always gets me in her spell. She often writes of troubled young women who become victims to brutish men because of making bad choices and having low self-esteem. She has killer lines, which she often uses as repetitive phrases or tropes effectively throughout the book. She can do so much in one line, for example:""Mrs. Chester GallagherEach time she signed her new name it seemed to her that her handwriting was subtly altered.""Show more', 'The Gravediggers Daughter (2007) • by Joyce Carol OatesA tragedy. Jewish immigrants flee Nazi Germany and the daughter is haunted by the old world ways of her immutable parents. The story begins in 1959 with 23-year-old Rebecca telling of her undying love for and marriage to Niles Tignor; a traveling salesman for the Black Horse Brewery; a man you do not say ""No"" to. Tignor is often away, days or weeks at a time and he\'s installed Rebecca in an old farmhouse near Chautauqua Falls, New York. Tignor is not providing enough to live on so Rebecca takes a job at the local factory. The neighbor Edna Meltzer babysits their son Niles Junior, ""Niley,"" now almost 3 years old. On this particular day, as she walks home, there\'s a man wearing a Panama Hat who\'s following her. He\'s Dr. Byron Hendricks and he\'s insistent in his belief that she\'s Hazel Jones. Years earlier Hazel or her mother did work for his father and maybe they were wronged. He says she\'s been remembered in his father\'s will. Later in the story we learn Byron is nuts and a serial killer who\'s been killing Hazel Jones look-alikes. After his death, 6 graves are found on his property. Rebecca fortunately runs away from him. Rebecca also reminisces about her immigrant family who came to ruin. She says she\'s pleased her poison-word father will never see his grandson. She loved and hates her parents. The often cited idiom, ""You\'ve made your bed, now lie in it,"" is for a time Rebecca\'s fate. In Germany Jacob was a respected teacher and intellectual. In 1936 he goes through great difficulty and expense to escape the country and board an ocean liner to bring him and his family to New York Harbor; he\'s changed their name to Schwart. His wife Anna goes into labor and Rebecca is born aboard ship--the first American in the family (May 1936). The only job Jacob can find is that of cemetery caretaker, a gravedigger in Upstate New York; in the town of Milburn.Since time immemorial the Milburn area has had a tradition of tormenting whoever is Gravedigger ; in this case it\'s the Schwart family; Jacob and Anna and their three kids; Herschel, August ""Gus"" and Rebecca. They\'re provided a small cottage to live in, located on the cemetery property, a dank, stone hovel. From the start they faced harassment and name-calling; ""Jew"", ""Nazi"", or ""Kraut"" throughout the 13 years they live there.When Herschel is 21 and still living at the cottage he takes revenge against the 3 town miscreants who desecrated the cemetery on Halloween; beating them to a pulp and carving a swastika into the forehead of one of the vandals. Now wanted, he flees to Canada. Gus at 19 has had enough of his father\'s increasingly abusive behavior; he packs and leaves. The labor intensive work of cutting grass without a power mower and digging graves with a shovel in root clogged soil has taken its toll on Jacob\'s body. He gets no cooperation from the town officials and is increasingly paranoid about the hostile Americans; his wife Anna is a nervous wreck.It\'s 1949 and Rebecca is just 13. Her father is now nuts; he shoots a cemetery visitor, shoots his wife and lets Rebecca live; turning the shotgun on himself and splattering his daughter.Rebecca is taken in by a former grammar school teacher, a Christian in the Presbyterian Church. She rejects Christianity, just as her parents seemed to reject Judaism; the family being completely irreligious (Rebecca doesn\'t seem aware of her Jewish heritage since her father denies it, as well as forbidding them to speak German). Eventually she rooms with friends and works as a chambermaid. Tignor rescues her from an abusive guest in the hotel. He\'s attracted to her beauty and the enchanting Tignor charms her pants off. She\'s warned by many that Tignor is a ""bad boy"" with a short fuse, ex-wives and children, charm galore and a propensity for bedding teens. In 1954, at age 17 she marries him anyways; a man over twice her age.In the story it seems (but isn\'t specifically stated) Tignor caused the miscarriage of their first child; punishment for gabbing about him. He seems to have lost the brewery job and is now engaged in the nefarious. When he drunkenly beats her and throws Niley against the wall Rebecca leaves him. She changes her appearance, takes the name Hazel Jones, reinvents herself as sophisticated and renames her son Zacharias ""Zach."" On the run with her piano prodigy son she takes odd jobs and doesn\'t stay too long in one place. Eventually she\'s able to get official, but forged, documents establishing their new identities and she dates Chet (Chester Gallagher) an older musician from a wealthy family. After 8 years she learns Tignor is not after her; he died in Attica prison a few years earlier.Her long lost brother Gus recognizes her, but she denies knowing him. He\'s a shabby wreck of a man, she now well-to-do. Later she relents and tries to find him, to no avail.Zach grows up a successful concert pianist. His mom and stepdad Chet couldn\'t be prouder. The story skips to a couple of decades in the future (1998 to 1999) when Hazel (aka Rebecca) is 62, living in Florida and probably dying of cancer. From a recent memoir by professor Freyda Morgenstern she learns the fate of this long ago cousin. 57 years ago little Freyda and her family were suppose to join them at the cemetery cottage, but their ship was turned back and the family perished; all but Freyda. As Rebecca persistently writes to Freyda, the surly professor finally cherishes the correspondence and learning of Rebecca\'s ill health wants to come to her.Well done with some superb writing. Parts of the story are quite powerful. 😢Joyce Carol Oates, a most prolific author, born in 1938. She\'s written some 60 novels and dozens of short stories, short story collections, anthologies, non-fiction and more. See Book Series In Order for her complete collection. https://www.bookseriesinorder.com/joy...https://scontent-sea1-1.xx.fbcdn.net/...••Show more', ""Well written but depressingThis lengthy novel relays the sad story of Rebecca Schwart effectively a Jewish refugee whose family emigrates to America during the Second World War. The family struggle as immigrants due to their reduced circumstances and attitudes of the natives towards them. However, this doesn't quite explain the turmoil within or the resultant tragedy which has ramifications for the rest of Rebecca's life. A sham marriage at 17 to a gangster/womaniser results in a child that she must protect at all costs. I can't say much more without giving away the plot but there is a huge amount in this novel which covers childhood to old age. The depressing aspect is the way Rebecca's unfortunate childhood plagues her and causes her to make bad choices throughout her life. She is a fearful and damaged person who never really finds her place in life and hurts those around her as a result.There is a lot of bad language in this novel and some graphic sex scenes as well as shocking violence including violence towards children. Sensitive readers will struggle.On a side note, I didn't get the epilogue and found it a very strange way to end the book. There is also a constant side-swiping at religion especially Christianity to the extent that Jesus appears to the main character throughout the book but in the end He is dismissed as a weak figure unable to assist. As a Christian, I find it odd when authors do this. Why include God/Jesus at all if all you are going to do is mock them. It's a clear reminder that we are all aware of the existence of God and that one day we will have to give account to Him for our lives. The Bible also makes it clear that God will not be mocked so I fear for authors who do this and seem not to be bothered about the consequence. Show more"", 'This was a very hard book to read. It’s not that it is poorly written; it’s that the protagonist’s situation struck a raw note and was so painful for me to read about. Rebecca Schwart’s life is all about fear. From the time she is a small child, fear rules her life. Daughter of immigrants who fled the Nazis, she lives in horrible poverty, her father being reduced from a high school math teacher in Germany to a cemetery caretaker in America. Understandably bitter by their reduced circumstances and the way they are treated by Americans, her father is authoritarian and abusive, taking his anger and defeat out on his family. Rebecca learns to be what her father wants her to be to keep things running smoothly. After tragedy turns her out on her own, she uses this talent of being what others want her to be to her advantage. It keeps her alive through brutal marriage; it enables her to run and start a new life. Sadly, although Rebecca (now living under the name of Hazel Jones- even that name is a case of her becoming what someone else wants her to be) manages to make her way to a good life, she loses herself. She’s incredibly perceptive as to what people want, and very adept at giving them that. While she certainly has standards- she is firm as to what lines she will not cross- she does not present her real self to a single person. She is more mirror than human. It’s what most every person in an abusive relationship learns to do; Rebecca just takes it much further than most do. After getting involved with her first husband, she has not pursued a single thing she really wanted to do other than raise her beloved and musically gifted son. In this novel of 580 pages, we never do find out what Rebecca wanted out of life other than to raise her son safely. It’s a powerful book. I found it painfully long and slow, but could not stop reading, wondering if Rebecca could keep up the act and not make a misstep that would cause her house of cards to tumble down. If you want to see some of the psychological effects of being in an abusive, manipulative, relationship are, read this book. If you have been in that kind of relationship, you might find this book to be very triggering. \t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tShow more', ""I've read her short stories but this is my first novel. She can surely write. I love her style and while the story is quite graphic in its violence and abuse, it was not gratuitous, but necessary, handled well. It was a story of survival, escape. One family escapes the holocaust only to confront isolation and prejudice in America, eventually leading a father to insanity and self-destruction. The journey of the surviving daughter reveals another from of persecution--the persecution of women/ a woman. Still, she manages to survive by using the male's vulnerability to sexual manipulation to her advantage. She also survives by giving up her identity in order to hide from her first abusive relationship. That she escaped persecution of Jews only to be forced to give up her identity to escape persecution from an abusive man is rather ironic. In fact, this irony comes back at the end of the novel. The irony of two types of persecutions. Two ways of escape.The other family in the background (until the end) are Rebecca's cousins, who do not escape Germany. Rebecca's cousin, close in age to Rebecca, loses her family to the holocaust; however she survives. Unlike Rebecca, she embraces her identity, even writes a book about her tragedy, exaggerating in order to exploit. The irony of this story of escape and survival is complex and fascinating. I love how Oates turns it around, shows the communication in the end as a way of revealing the similarities and differences of character, the similarities and differences of different types of persecution. An interesting and complex way of ending the story.I enjoyed it.Show more"", 'I love Joyce Carol Oates. This book, though, like some others she has written, left me with a hole. There were several unresolved issues in the book. I can understand why some of the issues were unresolved, such as Rebecca\'s parents\' stories and backgrounds in Germany. I can even understand why the brothers were never found. But there were these phrases that Oates kept returning to, such as the final one, ""There should be some reason she survived,"" (p. 551). I feel like Oates was trying to bring more realism to her story, because people are always questioning their lives, etc., but I kept feeling Rebecca would answer how own question at some point. And the epilogue...creating more issues that are never resolved. ', ""The Gravedigger's Daughter by Joyce Carol Oates.This book/story was just not for me. I listened to the first 4 CD's and had to send it back. It was just overwhelmingly sad with no light at the end of the tunnel.The author is an excellent writer portraying each character in depth and their relationships to each other. The Jewish family narrowly escaping Nazi Germany only to find antisemitism in the New York area alive and thriving. The father, a former school teacher and well educated, could only find work caring for grave in a cemetery where the family lived. The depression each member of the family experiences only grows to be the major part of their everyday lives.Show more"", ""Another epic story from Oates, but I really lost interest in it halfway though.It infuriates me how no one in Oates's novels ever says what they feel or actually mean (as least not the antagonists). When a character comes along that does express himself, he's often made to look ridiculous and embarrassing. I can't help but think that these stories would be half as long if people just spoke candidly. I know that's not exactly suspenseful, but it's excruciating to read about someone sidestepping honest questions and emotions for 600 pages or so.Show more"", ""What a letdown. I LOVE JCO and this is one of her more famous books. However, I was just NOT into this. My big issue with it is that when I would get into it, it would shift to another time period in this family's history. I lost interest by the second time Oates did this to a major scale. I never like it when I come out of a book not liking it (no matter what the book is). It PAINS me to be disappointed by a book. However, I want to be honest and not give 4 and 5 stars to everything. Didn't hate this, but didn't like it either. I am giving this one a 2.5 out of 5 stars. Show more""]"
641,Haunted,"Haunted is a novel made up of stories: twenty-three of the most horrifying, hilarious, mind-blowing, stomach-churning tales you'll ever encounter.The stories are told by people who have all answered an ad headlined 'Artists Retreat: Abandon your life for three months'. They are led to believe that here they will leave behind all the distractions of 'real life' that are keeping them from creating the masterpiece that is in them. But 'here' turns out to be a cavernous and ornate old theater where they are utterly isolated from the outside world - and where heat and power and, most importantly, food are in increasingly short supply. And the more desperate the circumstances become, the more desperate the stories they tell - and the more devious their machinations to make themselves the hero of the inevitable play/movie/non-fiction blockbuster that will certainly be made from their plight.",2005,Chuck Palahniuk,5260,98735,419,Horror,3.60,[]
642,Inkspell,"The captivating sequel to INKHEART, the critically acclaimed, international bestseller by Cornelia Funke, an author who is emerging as a truly modern classic writer for children.Although a year has passed, not a day goes by without Meggie thinking of INKHEART, the book whose characters became real. But for Dustfinger, the fire-eater brought into being from words, the need to return to the tale has become desperate. When he finds a crooked storyteller with the ability to read him back, Dustfinger leaves behind his young apprentice Farid and plunges into the medieval world of his past. Distraught, Farid goes in search of Meggie, and before long, both are caught inside the book, too. But the story is threatening to evolve in ways neither of them could ever have imagined.",2005,Cornelia Funke,4461,121808,635,Fantasy,3.93,[]
643,I Am Pilgrim,"A breakneck race against time...and an implacable enemy. An anonymous young woman murdered in a run-down hotel, all identifying characteristics dissolved by acid. A father publicly beheaded in the blistering heat of a Saudi Arabian public square. A notorious Syrian biotech expert found eyeless in a Damascus junkyard. Smoldering human remains on a remote mountainside in Afghanistan. A flawless plot to commit an appalling crime against humanity. One path links them all, and only one man can make the journey. Pilgrim.'",2013,Terry Hayes,12249,152403,612,Thriller,4.28,[]
644,Queen of Shadows,"Everyone Celaena Sardothien loves has been taken from her. But she’s at last returned to the empire—for vengeance, to rescue her once-glorious kingdom, and to confront the shadows of her past…She has embraced her identity as Aelin Galathynius, Queen of Terrasen. But before she can reclaim her throne, she must fight.She will fight for her cousin, a warrior prepared to die for her. She will fight for her friend, a young man trapped in an unspeakable prison. And she will fight for her people, enslaved to a brutal king and awaiting their lost queen’s triumphant return.The fourth volume in the New York Times bestselling series continues Celaena’s epic journey and builds to a passionate, agonizing crescendo that might just shatter her world.",2015,Sarah J. Maas,33657,464437,648,Fantasy,4.56,[]
645,Blackwell's Wrath,"Book 3 in the Vadelah Chronicles series.Science Fiction from a Christian perspective.David and Gyra must return to face a nightmare-Earth. They tremble at the pronouncement, but Rammar the Prophet has spoken: only David can sever Earth’s secret link with the dangerous mel-naharam, and Gyra must help him.Who are the humans involved on Earth? How will David stop the contact? Will he come out alive? David doesn’t know. But Rammar has warned that David will suffer…greatly.",2007,Julie Rollins,5,44,232,Christian,4.39,[]
646,The Present,Old Version,Inc.,Kenneth   Thomas,79,2383,200,Science Fiction,3.59,[]
647,Marvel 1602,"In Marvel 1602, award-winning writer Neil Gaiman presents a unique vision of the Marvel Universe set four hundred years in the past. Classic Marvel icons such as the X-Men, Spider-Man, the Fantastic Four and Daredevil appear in this intriguing world of 17th-century science and sorcery, instantly familiar to readers, yet subtly different in this new time. Marvel 1602 combines classic Marvel action and adventure with the historically accurate setting of Queen Elizabeth I's reign to create a unique series unlike any other published by Marvel Comics.Collecting Marvel 1602 #1-8 - penciled by andy Kubert and digitally painted by Richard Isanove, with covers by Scott McKowen.",2003,Neil Gaiman,2078,56829,248,Graphic Novels,3.94,[]
648,Trueman Bradley - Aspie Detective,"Trueman Bradley is a genius detective with a difference, he has Asperger's Syndrome (AS).Trueman leaves his hometown of Heartville, Illinois, and arrives in New York City, hoping to fulfil his dream of becoming a private detective, like his comic book heroes. He is soon told that a guy with AS could not possibly succeed as a detective. Undeterred, Trueman uses his exceptional mathematical skills to invent a crime-fighting equation, and with the help of his new friends and some amazing inventions, sets out to test his skills against the criminal world of New York. He is determined to show the police, his friends, and himself, that a guy with AS can become as good a detective as anyone else, maybe, even, one of the best.Trueman Bradley - Aspie Detective is a fantasy adventure that will capture the imagination of anyone interested in Asperger's Syndrome.",2007,Alexei Maxim Russell,13,57,304,Mystery,4.23,[]
649,Written in Red,"As a cassandra sangue, or blood prophet, Meg Corbyn can see the future when her skin is cut—a gift that feels more like a curse. Meg’s Controller keeps her enslaved so he can have full access to her visions. But when she escapes, the only safe place Meg can hide is at the Lakeside Courtyard—a business district operated by the Others. Shape-shifter Simon Wolfgard is reluctant to hire the stranger who inquires about the Human Liaison job. First, he senses she’s keeping a secret, and second, she doesn’t smell like human prey. Yet a stronger instinct propels him to give Meg the job. And when he learns the truth about Meg and that she’s wanted by the government, he’ll have to decide if she’s worth the fight between humans and the Others that will surely follow.",2013,Anne Bishop,6315,57969,433,Fantasy,4.25,[]
650,Instruction Manual for the 21st Century Samurai,"Who hasn’t considered, at some point in their life, what it would take to live as a samurai? Whether it was a serious, life-long obsession or a passing, whimsical thought; in either case, there was really no way to know how to go about living life as a samurai. Any book about the samurai, or their codes, was either so strictly historical, or so thickly academic, that it didn’t give any practical solutions to the average person, about how to go about applying the samurai ethic to their daily life. Previously, the aspiring samurai had no resource at all. But now, they have the manual. Based on the ancient and authoritative texts of three samurai masters, this manual gives the direct and authentic “samurai solution” to any of life’s many situations. This pocket-sized book can be carried anywhere, anytime, for quick reference. No matter where life takes you, you are just one quick reference away from the ""samurai solution"" to your problems. Men, women and children, from all walks of life; No matter who you are or what circumstances life throws your way--with this manual, you, too, can live like a samurai!",2013,Alexei Maxim Russell,5,92,86,Japan,3.87,[]
651,Speedy Reads,"PLEASE NOTE: Readers are currently unable to purchase this story as an e-book. However a paperback version is available from FeedARead: https://www.feedaread.com/books/Speed... - Please, accept my apologies for any inconvenience this may cause.A compilation of short stories to enjoy whenever you have a few minutes to spare. - Whether you are waiting for public transport, waiting for tea to cook, just settled your children to sleep or soaking in the bath tub.",2015,Chris-Jean Clarke,3,36,66,Short Stories,4.58,[]
652,An Abundance of Katherines,"Katherine V thought boys were grossKatherine X just wanted to be friendsKatherine XVIII dumped him in an e-mailK-19 broke his heartWhen it comes to relationships, Colin Singleton's type happens to be girls named Katherine. And when it comes to girls named Katherine, Colin is always getting dumped. Nineteen times, to be exact.On a road trip miles from home, this anagram-happy, washed-up child prodigy has ten thousand dollars in his pocket, a bloodthirsty feral hog on his trail, and an overweight, Judge Judy-loving best friend riding shotgun--but no Katherines. Colin is on a mission to prove The Theorem of Underlying Katherine Predictability, which he hopes will predict the future of any relationship, avenge Dumpees everywhere, and finally win him the girl.Love, friendship, and a dead Austro-Hungarian archduke add up to surprising and heart-changing conclusions in this ingeniously layered comic novel about reinventing oneself.",2006,John Green,26710,511641,229,Young Adult,3.53,[]
653,The Truth About Forever,"That's what Macy has to look forward to while her boyfriend, Jason, is away at Brain Camp. Days will be spent at a boring job in the library, evenings will be filled with vocabulary drills for the SATs, and spare time will be passed with her mother, the two of them sharing a silent grief at the traumatic loss of Macy's father.But sometimes, unexpected things can happen—things such as the catering job at Wish, with its fun-loving, chaotic crew. Or her sister's project of renovating the neglected beach house, awakening long-buried memories. Things such as meeting Wes, a boy with a past, a taste for Truth-telling, and an amazing artistic talent, the kind of boy who could turn any girl's world upside down. As Macy ventures out of her shell, she begins to question her sheltered life.",2004,Sarah Dessen,8773,219598,374,Young Adult,4.12,[]
654,Snuff,"It is a truth universally acknowledged that a policeman taking a holiday would barely have had time to open his suitcase before he finds his first corpse.Commander Sam Vimes of the Ankh-Morpork City Watch is on holiday in the pleasant and innocent countryside, but not for him a mere body in the wardrobe. There are many, many bodies - and an ancient crime more terrible than murder.He is out of his jurisdiction, out of his depth, out of bacon sandwiches, occasionally snookered and out of his mind. But never out of guile. Where there is a crime, there must be a finding, there must be a chase, and there must be a punishment.They say that in the end all sins are forgiven. But not quite all...",2011,Terry Pratchett,3021,55286,378,Fantasy,4.17,[]
655,Rant,"Buster “Rant” Casey just may be the most efficient serial killer of our time. A high school rebel, Rant Casey escapes from his small town home for the big city where he becomes the leader of an urban demolition derby called Party Crashing. Rant Casey will die a spectacular highway death, after which his friends gather the testimony needed to build an oral history of his short, violent life.",2007,Chuck Palahniuk,3197,64894,320,Fiction,3.84,[]
656,Gone,"In the blink of an eye, everyone disappears. Gone. Except for the young.There are teens, but not one single adult. Just as suddenly, there are no phones, no internet, no television. No way to get help. And no way to figure out what's happened.Hunger threatens. Bullies rule. A sinister creature lurks. Animals are mutating. And the teens themselves are changing, developing new talents—unimaginable, dangerous, deadly powers—that grow stronger by the day. It's a terrifying new world. Sides are being chosen, a fight is shaping up. Townies against rich kids. Bullies against the weak. Powerful against powerless. And time is running out: On your 15th birthday, you disappear just like everyone else...",2008,Michael  Grant,11851,195709,560,Young Adult,3.86,[]
657,Ghosts of Ophidian,"An enormous three-mile long ship has just entered the Earth's orbit and it's doing absolutely nothing... except instilling fear and speculation upon the citizens below. After a few weeks, NASA gets a boarding party together to attempt to gain entry into the giant craft. Once inside the ship, they will discover over a million creatures on ice. They will also discover the reason that the ship hasn't been doing anything beyond maintaining an orbit above the Earth - it appears that the ship has been sabotaged by whatever used to exist in three of the empty cryogenic chambers. Their investigation leads to a lot more than a potential alien invasion. Nothing is as it seems and pretty soon, the two remaining astronauts aren't sure who they should trust anymore.The next book in the Ghosts of Ophidian universe ""Alastair"" is available now with much more to come in 2013.",2013,Scott McElhaney,17,260,156,Amazon,3.68,[]
658,Inkdeath,"The masterful conclusion to the epic, award-winning, bestselling INKHEART trilogy by internationally acclaimed author Cornelia Funke. The Adderhead--his immortality bound in a book by Meggie's father, Mo--has ordered his henchmen to plunder the villages. The peasants' only defense is a band of outlaws led by the Bluejay--Mo's fictitious double, whose identity he has reluctantly adopted. But the Book of Immortality is unraveling, and the Adderhead again fears the White Women of Death. To bring the renegade Bluejay back to repair the book, the Adderhead kidnaps all the children in the kingdom, dooming them to slavery in his silver mines unless Mo surrends. First Dustfinger, now Mo: Can anyone save this cursed story?",2007,Cornelia Funke,3420,83288,699,Fantasy,3.96,[]
659,The Hunger Games Trilogy Boxset,"The extraordinary, ground breaking New York Times bestsellers The Hunger Games and Catching Fire, along with the third book in The Hunger Games trilogy by Suzanne Collins, Mockingjay, are available for the first time ever in a beautiful boxset edition. Stunning, gripping, and powerful. The trilogy is now complete!",2008,Suzanne Collins,7172,210892,1155,Young Adult,4.49,[]
660,The Secret River,"In 1806 William Thornhill, an illiterate English bargeman and a man of quick temper but deep compassion, steals a load of wood and, as a part of his lenient sentence, is deported, along with his beloved wife, Sal, to the New South Wales colony in what would become Australia. The Secret River is the tale of William and Sal’s deep love for their small, exotic corner of the new world, and William’s gradual realization that if he wants to make a home for his family, he must forcibly take the land from the people who came before him. Acclaimed around the world, The Secret River is a magnificent, transporting work of historical fiction.",2005,Kate Grenville,1970,21532,334,Historical Fiction,3.81,[]
661,Shopaholic and Sister,"Becky thought being married to Luke Brandon would be one big Tiffany box of happiness. But to be honest, it's not quite as dreamy as she'd hoped.The trouble started on honeymoon, when she told Luke the tiniest little fib, about the teeniest little purchase. Now she's on a strict budget, she doesn't have a job - and worst of all her beloved Suze has a new best friend. Then she receives some incredible news. She has a long-lost sister!Becky has never been more excited. Finally, a real sister! They'll have so much in common! They can go shopping together... choose shoes together... have manicures together...Until she meets her - and gets the shock of her life. It can't be true. Surely Becky Bloomwood's long-lost sister can't... hate shopping?",2004,Sophie Kinsella,2457,89290,388,Chick Lit,3.68,[]
662,Bone Crossed,"By day, Mercy is a car mechanic in the sprawling Tri-Cities of Eastern Washington. By night, she explores her preternatural side. As a shapeshifter with some unique talents, Mercy has often found herself having to maintain a tenuous harmony between the human and the not so human. This time she may get more than she bargained for.Marsilia, the local Vampire Queen, has learned that Mercy crossed her by slaying a member of her clan—and she's out for blood. But since Mercy is protected from direct reprisal by the werewolf pack (and her close relationship with its sexy Alpha), it won't be Mercy's blood Marsilia is after.It'll be her friends'.",2009,Patricia Briggs,3433,106028,292,Urban Fantasy,4.34,[]
663,Cross My Heart and Hope to Spy,"Cammie Morgan is back, and it's clear that her life hasn't calmed down since the events of I'd Tell You I Love You, But Then I'd Have to Kill You. At first, giddy anticipation is in the air. Gallagher Academy, Cammie's elite spy school, is hosting a visit from a covert training center for boys. Soon after the boys' arrival, though, everything goes dangerously awry when a series of security breaches are discovered at the academy. Worse yet, teenage agent-in-training Cammie is being blamed for the penetration. With the school's top-secret status at risk, the Gallagher Girls have to work quickly to save their beloved school.",2007,Ally Carter,3663,88445,236,Young Adult,4.13,[]
664,The Round House,"Librarian's note: An alternate cover edition can be found hereOne of the most revered novelists of our time - a brilliant chronicler of Native-American life - Louise Erdrich returns to the territory of her bestselling, Pulitzer Prize finalist The Plague of Doves with The Round House, transporting readers to the Ojibwe reservation in North Dakota. It is an exquisitely told story of a boy on the cusp of manhood who seeks justice and understanding in the wake of a terrible crime that upends and forever transforms his family. Riveting and suspenseful, arguably the most accessible novel to date from the creator of Love Medicine, The Beet Queen, and The Bingo Palace, Erdrich’s The Round House is a page-turning masterpiece of literary fiction - at once a powerful coming-of-age story, a mystery, and a tender, moving novel of family, history, and culture.",2012,Louise Erdrich,10890,110586,323,Fiction,3.97,[]
665,Prodigy,"Injured and on the run, it has been seven days since June and Day barely escaped Los Angeles and the Republic with their lives. Day is believed dead having lost his own brother to an execution squad who thought they were assassinating him. June is now the Republic's most wanted traitor. Desperate for help, they turn to the Patriots - a vigilante rebel group sworn to bring down the Republic. But can they trust them or have they unwittingly become pawns in the most terrifying of political games?",2013,Marie Lu,18189,247390,371,Dystopia,4.24,[]
666,Night Fall,"Based on true events, but unlike anything you've ever read before, #1 New York Times bestselling author Nelson DeMille has created what may be his finest work to date.It is dusk on July 17, 1996. A man and a woman who are married--but not to each other--make love on a Long Island beach as a video camera records their pleasure...and something more. Out over the ocean, TWA Flight 800 suddenly explodes with 230 victims on board, the terrible blast illuminating the sky. The government's verdict is mechanical failure. But the videotape may tell another story--if it can be found.Now on the fifth anniversary of the crash, two members of the Federal Anti-Terrorist Task Force set out to reopen the case; John Corey, an ex-NYPD detective, and his wife, Kate Mayfield, a career FBI agent. Together, they hunt for the crucial video...and race towed an elusive truth even more horrifying than the crash itself.--back cover",2004,Nelson DeMille,1593,31605,692,Fiction,4.11,[]
667,Cosmopolis,"It is a stunningly eventful day in the life of Eric Packer, a multi-billionaire who has recently married the heiress of a vast European fortune. A violent protest is being staged by anti-globalist groups and Eric fears that he may be a target. He is very much the target - but not by the protestors.",2003,Don DeLillo,1523,16642,209,Fiction,3.25,[]
668,1Q84 Book 1,1949年にジョージ・オーウェルは、近未来小説としての『1984』を刊行した。そして2009年、『1Q84』は逆の方向から1984年を描いた近過去小説である。そこに描かれているのは「こうであったかもしれない」世界なのだ。私たちが生きている現在が、「そうではなかったかもしれない」世界であるのと、ちょうど同じように。,2009,Haruki Murakami,2893,60115,554,Fiction,4.02,[]
669,The Mystic Saga Omnibus,"Now you can buy the first FIVE volumes of the acclaimed sci-fi serial The Mystic Saga in one very affordable book. This omnibus contains Indentured, Legacy, Violation, Judgment, and the newest issue, Convergence!Indentured introduces you to the crew of the USS Pioneer – the world’s first superluminal spacecraft. It eventually leaves you with a question as to what happened to the majority of the crew of that ship when it became stranded in the Beta Hydri system.Legacy brings you the tale of those descendants of the original Pioneer colony in the Beta Hydri System, introducing for the first time, the Mystics. When Legacy is invaded by a fleet of spacecraft, the primitive colony, nine-hundred years in the making, reacts in the only way it knows how. When it comes to the Mystics, this reaction could be quite deadly.Violation finishes up the overall “introduction” to the true Mystic Saga, bringing you the tale of about a dozen USSC assassins sent to a 1940’s Earth. Their sole purpose is to slip in, kill their list of targets, and slip out as quietly as possible. Unfortunately, a disgruntled soldier and a vengeful Mystic raise a significant amount of ruckus along the way.Judgment introduces us to Cyan – an IX7 unit embodied by a triune of souls from the once primitive race living beneath Legacy. Elix has been returned safely to his people on Legacy. Unfortunately for him, his abductors returned him to an era far before his own lifetime. Fortunately, however for his people, Elix offers a plethora of knowledge about the future invaders and their technologies. He offers a fighting chance for his people.Convergence brings all four of the previous books together in 1940’s New York where the world itself may be on the brink of destruction. Apparently some laws are written into the very fabric of the universe, and breaking these laws can bring about some serious consequences.",2012,Scott McElhaney,27,294,548,Science Fiction,3.86,[]
670,Lighthousekeeping,"Lighthousekeeping tells the tale of Silver (""My mother called me Silver. I was born part precious metal, part pirate.""), an orphaned girl who is taken in by blind Mr. Pew, the mysterious and miraculously old keeper of a lighthouse on the Scottish coast. Pew tells Silver stories of Babel Dark, a nineteenth-century clergyman. Dark lived two lives: a public one mired in darkness and deceit and a private one bathed in the light of passionate love. For Silver, Dark's life becomes a map through her own darkness, into her own story, and, finally, into love.One of the most original and extraordinary writers of her generation, Jeanette Winterson has created a modern fable about the transformative power of storytelling.",2006,Jeanette Winterson,861,8827,232,Fiction,3.87,[]
671,Behind the Beautiful Forevers,"From Pulitzer Prize-winner Katherine Boo, a landmark work of narrative nonfiction that tells the dramatic and sometimes heartbreaking story of families striving toward a better life in one of the twenty-first century's great, unequal cities.In this brilliantly written, fast-paced book, based on three years of uncompromising reporting, a bewildering age of global change and inequality is made human. Annawadi is a makeshift settlement in the shadow of luxury hotels near the Mumbai airport, and as India starts to prosper, Annawadians are electric with hope. Abdul, a reflective and enterprising Muslim teenager, sees ""a fortune beyond counting"" in the recyclable garbage that richer people throw away. Asha, a woman of formidable wit and deep scars from a childhood in rural poverty, has identified an alternate route to the middle class: political corruption. With a little luck, her sensitive, beautiful daughter - Annawadi's ""most-everything girl"" - will soon become its first female college graduate. And even the poorest Annawadians, like Kalu, a fifteen-year-old scrap-metal thief, believe themselves inching closer to the good lives and good times they call ""the full enjoy."" But then Abdul the garbage sorter is falsely accused in a shocking tragedy; terror and a global recession rock the city; and suppressed tensions over religion, caste, sex, power and economic envy turn brutal. As the tenderest individual hopes intersect with the greatest global truths, the true contours of a competitive age are revealed. And so, too, are the imaginations and courage of the people of Annawadi. With intelligence, humor, and deep insight into what connects human beings to one another in an era of tumultuous change, Behind the Beautiful Forevers carries the reader headlong into one of the twenty-first century's hidden worlds, and into the lives of people impossible to forget.",2012,Katherine Boo,11461,106826,278,Nonfiction,3.98,[]
672,The House at Riverton,"The House at Riverton is a gorgeous debut novel set in England between the wars. Perfect for fans of ""Downton Abbey,"" it's the story of an aristocratic family, a house, a mysterious death, and a way of life that vanished forever, told in flashback by a woman who witnessed it all.The novel is full of secrets - some revealed, others hidden forever, reminiscent of the romantic suspense of Daphne du Maurier. It's also a meditation on memory and the devastation of war and a beautifully rendered window into a fascinating time in history.",2006,Kate Morton,8845,113011,599,Historical Fiction,3.95,[]
673,Brother Odd,"""Loop me in, odd one.""The words, spoken in the deep of night by a sleeping child, chill the young man watching over her. For this was a favorite phrase of Stormy Llewellyn, his lost love, and Stormy is dead, gone forever from this world. In the haunted halls of the isolated monastery where he had sought peace, Odd Thomas is stalking spirits of an infinitely darker nature...",2006,Dean Koontz,2617,64713,364,Horror,4.00,[]
674,Undead and Unwed,"First Betsy Taylor loses her job, then she's killed in a car accident.  But what really bites is that she can't seem to stay dead.  And now her new friends have the ridiculous idea that Betsy is the prophesied vampire queen, and they want her help in overthrowing the most obnoxious power-hungry vampire in five centuries. ",2004,MaryJanice Davidson,2893,55747,288,Vampires,3.81,[]
675,The Blood of Olympus,"Nico had warned them. Going through the House of Hades would stir the demigods' worst memories. Their ghosts would become restless. Nico may actually become a ghost if he has to shadow-travel with Reyna and Coach Hedge one more time. But that might be better than the alternative: allowing someone else to die, as Hades foretold.Jason's ghost is his mother, who abandoned him when he was little. He may not know how he is going to prove himself as a leader, but he does know that he will not break promises like she did. He will complete his line of the prophecy: To storm or fire the world must fall.Reyna fears the ghosts of her ancestors, who radiate anger. But she can't allow them to distract her from getting the Athena Parthenos to Camp Half-Blood before war breaks out between the Romans and Greeks. Will she have enough strength to succeed, especially with a deadly hunter on her trail?Leo fears that his plan won't work, that his friends might interfere. But there is no other way. All of them know that one of the Seven has to die in order to defeat Gaea, the Earth Mother.Piper must learn to give herself over to fear. Only then will she be able to do her part at the end: utter a single word.Heroes, gods, and monsters all have a role to play in the climactic fulfillment of the prophecy in The Blood of Olympus, the electrifying finale of the best-selling Heroes of Olympus series.",2014,Rick Riordan,19604,285068,516,Fantasy,4.43,[]
676,1491,"In this groundbreaking work of science, history, and archaeology, Charles C. Mann radically alters our understanding of the Americas before the arrival of Columbus in 1492.Contrary to what so many Americans learn in school, the pre-Columbian Indians were not sparsely settled in a pristine wilderness; rather, there were huge numbers of Indians who actively molded and influenced the land around them. The astonishing Aztec capital of Tenochtitlan had running water and immaculately clean streets, and was larger than any contemporary European city. Mexican cultures created corn in a specialized breeding process that it has been called man’s first feat of genetic engineering. Indeed, Indians were not living lightly on the land but were landscaping and manipulating their world in ways that we are only now beginning to understand. Challenging and surprising, this a transformative new look at a rich and fascinating world we only thought we knew.",back,Charles C. Mann,4581,81790,1492,History,4.04,[]
677,Don't Let's Go to the Dogs Tonight,"In Don’t Let’s Go to the Dogs Tonight, Alexandra Fuller remembers her African childhood with candor and sensitivity. Though it is a diary of an unruly life in an often inhospitable place, it is suffused with Fuller’s endearing ability to find laughter, even when there is little to celebrate. Fuller’s debut is unsentimental and unflinching but always captivating. In wry and sometimes hilarious prose, she stares down disaster and looks back with rage and love at the life of an extraordinary family in an extraordinary time.",2001,Alexandra Fuller,3608,54010,315,Memoir,3.96,[]
678,The One,"The time has come for one winner to be crowned.When she was chosen to compete in the Selection, America never dreamed she would find herself anywhere close to the crown—or to Prince Maxon's heart. But as the end of the competition approaches, and the threats outside the palace walls grow more vicious, America realizes just how much she stands to lose—and how hard she'll have to fight for the future she wants.",2014,Kiera Cass,40059,610995,323,Romance,4.16,[]
679,Silence,"Nora Grey can't remember the past five months of her life. After the initial shock of waking up in a cemetery and being told that she has been missing for weeks - with no one knowing where she was or who she was with - she tried to get her life back on track. Go to school, hang out with her best friend, Vee, and dodge mom's creepy new boyfriend.But there is this voice in the back of her head, an idea that she can almost reach out and touch. Visions of angel wings and unearthly creatures that have nothing to do with the life she knows.And this unshakable feeling that a part of her is missing.Then Nora crosses paths with a sexy stranger, whom she feels a mesmerizing connection to. He seems to hold all the answers...and her heart. Every minute she spends with him grows more and more intense until she realizes she could be falling in love. Again.",2011,Becca Fitzpatrick,8856,273108,440,Young Adult,4.08,[]
680,The Ask and the Answer,"We were in the square, in the square where I'd run, holding her, carrying her, telling her to stay alive, stay alive till we got safe, till we got to Haven so I could save her - But there weren't no safety, no safety at all, there was just him and his men...Fleeing before a relentless army, Todd has carried a desperately wounded Viola right into the hands of their worst enemy, Mayor Prentiss. Immediately separated from Viola and imprisoned, Todd is forced to learn the ways of the Mayor's new order. But what secrets are hiding just outside of town? And where is Viola? Is she even still alive? And who are the mysterious Answer? And then, one day, the bombs begin to explode...""The Ask and the Answer"" is a tense, shocking and deeply moving novel of resistance under the most extreme pressure. This is the second title in the ""Chaos Walking"" trilogy.",2009,Patrick Ness,8051,91885,536,Young Adult,4.19,[]
681,Normal People,"At school Connell and Marianne pretend not to know each other. He’s popular and well-adjusted, star of the school soccer team while she is lonely, proud, and intensely private. But when Connell comes to pick his mother up from her housekeeping job at Marianne’s house, a strange and indelible connection grows between the two teenagers - one they are determined to conceal.A year later, they’re both studying at Trinity College in Dublin. Marianne has found her feet in a new social world while Connell hangs at the sidelines, shy and uncertain. Throughout their years in college, Marianne and Connell circle one another, straying toward other people and possibilities but always magnetically, irresistibly drawn back together. Then, as she veers into self-destruction and he begins to search for meaning elsewhere, each must confront how far they are willing to go to save the other.Sally Rooney brings her brilliant psychological acuity and perfectly spare prose to a story that explores the subtleties of class, the electricity of first love, and the complex entanglements of family and friendship.",2018,Sally Rooney,102835,1083417,273,Fiction,3.82,[]
682,In Her Shoes,"Rose Feller is thirty; a successful lawyer with high hopes of a relationship with Jim, Mr Not-Quite-Right, a senior partner in her firm. The last thing she needs is her messed-up, only occasionally employed sister Maggie moving in: drinking, smoking, stealing her money - and her shoes - and spoiling her chance of romance. If only Maggie would grow up and settle down with a nice guy and a steady job. Maggie is drop dead gorgeous and irresistible to men. She's going to make it big as a TV presenter, or a singer...or an actress. All she needs is a lucky break. What she doesn't need is her uptight sister Rose interfering in her life. If only Rose would lighten-up, have some fun - and learn how to use a pair of tweezers. Rose and Maggie think they have nothing in common but a childhood tragedy, shared DNA and the same size feet, but they are about to find out that they're more alike than they'd ever believe.",2002,Jennifer Weiner,2866,211599,537,Chick Lit,3.81,[]
683,Arana's Visitor,"Action-packed science fiction from a refreshingly different perspective. The first book in a groundbreaking new series. David Decker is stunned. Driven by his Christian compassion, he has just rescued a marooned space alien, but the alien's mere existence threatens to shatter David's worldview. How can he reconcile the two? When David learns the truth, it will astound him. But David has other troubles. Shadowy government forces are desperately trying to capture the alien. In his quest to follow his convictions, David must battle enemies--seen and unseen--and travel to incredible places he's never imagined.",2005,Julie Rollins,22,89,288,Science Fiction,4.29,[]
684,Dead Wrong,"Dead Wrong is a study of the scientific and forensic facts of four assassinations of the 1960s (President John F. Kennedy, Senator Robert F. Kennedy, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. and Black Panther leader Fred Hampton), as well as an examination of new and incriminating evidence indicative of murder, not suicide, in the deaths of Marilyn Monroe, White House Counsel Vincent Foster, U.N. Weapons Inspector Dr. David C. Kelly and bioweapons expert Frank Olson. It also examines the cases of two murders directly linked to Lyndon B. Johnson, 36th President of the United States.For more information, please go to www.BelzerBook.com100 black & white illustrations",2012,Richard Belzer,108,687,336,True Crime,3.64,[]
685,Skipping Christmas,"Imagine a year without Christmas. No crowded shops, no corny office parties, no fruitcakes, no unwanted presents. That's just what Luther and Nora Krank have in mind when they decide that, just this once, they'll skip the holiday altogether. Theirs will be the only house on the street without a rooftop Frosty the snowman; they won't be hosting their annual Christmas Eve bash; they aren't even going to have a tree. They won't need one, because come December 25 they're setting sail on a Caribbean cruise. But, as this weary couple is about to discover, skipping Christmas brings enormous consequences - and isn't half as easy as they'd imagined.A classic tale for modern times, Skipping Christmas offers a hilarious look at the chaos and frenzy that has become part of our holiday tradition.",2001,John Grisham,6146,70677,198,Fiction,3.53,[]
686,DeadAlive,"When we read a novel, all the characters in it are suppose to be fictitious; and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, must be entirely coincidental, right? But what if one day you find a Novel and when you start reading it, you feel that you know the characters in it? You feel that you are familiar with the incidences in it. Will it be just a coincidence...?Sometimes some people come in our life, they live and then leave, with a hole in our soul, which we can feel but can't fill, we try to survive but end up DeadAlive.",2015,Sandip Khade,33,86,176,Fiction,3.30,[]
687,The Wolves in the Walls,"Lucy hears sneaking, creeping,crumpling noisescoming from insidethe walls.She is sure there arewolves living in the walls of her house.But, as everybody says, if the wolves come out of the walls, it's all over.",2003,Neil Gaiman,1294,17762,56,Fantasy,4.04,[]
688,The Gordonston Ladies Dog Walking Club,"2013 Readers' Favorite International Book Awards Winner and Gold Medalist.Something is not quite right in the leafy Savannah neighborhood of Gordonston. As the friends and fellow members of her afternoon cocktail club gather to mourn the death and lament the life of their neighbor, Thelma Miller, not all is what it seems.When old friends vie for the attention of widower, Alderman and mayoral candidate Elliott, jealousies surface and friendships are strained. An old woman with a dark secret and an infamous uncle plots her revenge for a perceived wrong done over thirty years before, a once successful children’s writer with his own secret is haunted by memories of the past and aspiring model Kelly Hudd has just won the trip of a lifetime.As secrets are revealed and history, both old and recent unravel, and an intertwined web of deceits and lies surfaces in the middle class neighborhood, a killer lurks and is anyone really who they seem to be? An enigmatic European gentleman in South America, a young Italian count parading the streets of Paris and a charitable and kindhearted nephew recently arrived from India add to the remarkable assortment of characters in this story of intrigue, deceit and revenge. What is the secret a recently retired accountant is trying to hide and just why did the former showgirl and attractive sixty two year old widow Carla Zipp really have plastic surgery?A mysterious organization with links to organized crime, a handsome fire fighter who can do no wrong and a trio of widows with deep hidden agendas compound a story of simplistic complexity. As twists and turns lead the reader to a conclusion that they will not see coming and a sucker punch ending that will leave you breathless, the Gordonston Ladies Dog Walking Club’s top priority remains the need to chastise the culprit who refuses to ‘scoop’ after his dog walking sessions in their treasured park.FINALIST IN THE 2013 READER'S FAVORITE ANNUAL INTERNATIONAL AWARD CONTEST IN THE HUMOR CATEGORY - WINNER ANNOUNCED SEPTEMBER 2013.",2012,Duncan Whitehead,387,3053,196,Mystery,3.40,[]
695,Kepler Moon Alpha,"He has no memory whatsoever. All he knows now is that he somehow survived a plane crash this morning and managed to reach the safety of an unknown island. At first he believed he may have found refuge on an island in the South Pacific, but that unknown ringed planet on the horizon suggests he isn’t on Earth at all. And to make it worse, the island’s sole resident recognizes him and insists he crashed his aircraft in the ocean and washed up on her beach before… multiple times. Only this time, she’s not putting up with his nonsense and she’s got quite a story to tell him if he’s willing to listen. Maybe he can discover what's causing an unusual loop in time that only she recalls. Maybe he can discover a way to escape from this confusing island and perhaps rescue her in the process.  The continuing Colonization Saga:  Colonization #2: Black Hole  Colonization #3: The Gateway  Colonization #4: Valhalla  Colonization #5: FossilColonization #6: Warrior of the MystColonization #7: Warrior of the Myst II Editorial Reviews: ""McElhaney's story telling is deft, well-paced, and with an ear for conversation"" ~ Beacon Journal Book Review ""The author does a good job of sucking you into the moment and feeling as if you are the main character. The technology and scenarios are realistic enough for this sci fi fan and if you like a good storyteller Mr. McElhaney knows how to do it."" ~Top 50 Amazon Reviewer and Vine Voice Michael Gallagher",2015,Scott McElhaney,5,49,93,Science Fiction Fantasy,4.16,[]
696,On the Island,"When thirty-year-old English teacher Anna Emerson is offered a job tutoring T.J. Callahan at his family's summer rental in the Maldives, she accepts without hesitation; a working vacation on a tropical island trumps the library any day.T.J. Callahan has no desire to leave town, not that anyone asked him. He's almost seventeen and if having cancer wasn't bad enough, now he has to spend his first summer in remission with his family—and a stack of overdue assignments—instead of his friends.Anna and T.J. are en route to join T.J.'s family in the Maldives when the pilot of their seaplane suffers a fatal heart attack and crash-lands in the Indian Ocean. Adrift in shark-infested waters, their life jackets keep them afloat until they make it to the shore of an uninhabited island. Now Anna and T.J. just want to survive and they must work together to obtain water, food, fire, and shelter.Their basic needs might be met but as the days turn to weeks, and then months, the castaways encounter plenty of other obstacles, including violent tropical storms, the many dangers lurking in the sea, and the possibility that T.J.'s cancer could return. As T.J. celebrates yet another birthday on the island, Anna begins to wonder if the biggest challenge of all might be living with a boy who is gradually becoming a man.",2011,Tracey Garvis Graves,9697,82049,328,Romance,4.11,[]
697,Trueman Bradley - The Next Great Detective,"Trueman Bradley visits London and sets up shop on Baker Street, in the hopes of becoming the next Sherlock Holmes. Using hints he has derived from the original Sherlock stories, Trueman uncovers the mysterious methods of ""The Great Detective"" and uses them to solve the mystery of how his grandfather acquired his fortune, as well as helping Scotland Yard to capture a notorious cat burglar. With the help of a few new friends, Trueman learns the value of deduction, imagination and instinct, in detective work, and proves that he has what it takes to become ""The Next Great Detective.""",2015,Alexei Maxim Russell,4,30,336,Mystery,4.40,[]
700,When Dreams Die,"Science Fiction from a Christian perspectiveBook 4 of the Vadelah Chronicles seriesBack on Arana and healing from his deep wounds, David Decker struggles to resume a normal life. But what is normal? He feels strangely adrift, uncertain how to prepare for the coming terror foretold in his nightmares. And then there is the issue of marriage. If he is ever to find a wife, he must return to Earth. There he will learn a painful lesson on letting dreams die…and letting God surprise him. With great love comes the potential for great pain.",2009,Julie Rollins,4,57,301,Christian,4.28,[]
701,Into the Wild,"For generations, four Clans of wild cats have shared the forest according to the laws laid down by their warrior ancestors. But the ThunderClan cats are in grave danger, and the sinister ShadowClan grows stronger every day. Noble warriors are dying-- and some deaths are more mysterious than others. In the midst of this turmoil appears an ordinary house cat named Rusty . . . who may turn out to be the bravest warrior of them all.",2003,Erin Hunter,7742,94879,288,Fantasy,4.31,[]
702,Where the Crawdads Sing,"For years, rumors of the “Marsh Girl” haunted Barkley Cove, a quiet fishing village. Kya Clark is barefoot and wild; unfit for polite society. So in late 1969, when the popular Chase Andrews is found dead, locals immediately suspect her.But Kya is not what they say. A born naturalist with just one day of school, she takes life's lessons from the land, learning the real ways of the world from the dishonest signals of fireflies. But while she has the skills to live in solitude forever, the time comes when she yearns to be touched and loved. Drawn to two young men from town, who are each intrigued by her wild beauty, Kya opens herself to a new and startling world—until the unthinkable happens.In Where the Crawdads Sing, Owens juxtaposes an exquisite ode to the natural world against a profound coming of age story and haunting mystery. Thought-provoking, wise, and deeply moving, Owens’s debut novel reminds us that we are forever shaped by the child within us, while also subject to the beautiful and violent secrets that nature keeps.The story asks how isolation influences the behavior of a young woman, who like all of us, has the genetic propensity to belong to a group. The clues to the mystery are brushed into the lush habitat and natural histories of its wild creatures.",2018,Delia Owens,181530,2453923,384,Fiction,4.41,[]
703,Magyk,"The first part of an enthralling new series leads readers on a fantastic journey filled with quirky characters, clever charms, potions and spells. Ages 9+.The 7th son of the 7th son, aptly named Septimus Heap, is stolen the night he is born by a midwife who pronounces him dead. That same night, the baby's father, Silas Heap, comes across a bundle in the snow containing a newborn girl with violet eyes. The Heaps take this helpless newborn into their home, name her Jenna, and raise her as their own. But who is this mysterious baby girl, and what really happened to their beloved son, Septimus?The first part of this enthralling new series leads readers on a fantastic journey filled with quirky characters, clever charms, potions and spells, and a yearning to uncover the mystery at the heart of this story...who is Septimus Heap? Angie Sage writes in the tradition of great British storytellers. Her inventive fantasy is filled with humor and heart: Magyk will have readers laughing and begging for more.",2005,Angie Sage,5527,117840,564,Fantasy,3.84,[]
704,Dominion,"In the near future, a man is going to bring the furthest reaches of the galaxy within the grasp of mankind. Meriwether Hawke has created a vehicle that folds space, changing the whole perspective of the space program in an instant. Unfortunately for Hawke, the first manned test vehicle doesn’t end up where it’s supposed to. Lost and without sufficient life support, the two-person crew must engage the automated distress beacon and then settle in for a deep cryogenic sleep to await potential rescue. When Hawke is revived from cryosleep by an alien species, he quickly discovers that he is both their honored guest and guarded prisoner at the same time. It’s no secret that they are extremely interested in his ancient dead spacecraft and its method of propulsion. While he may not be aware of how much time has passed, two things become evident to him: The alien species are sworn enemies of his people, and humanity has become both more and less technologically advanced in the years that have passed. Hawke may hold the only key to the rescue of a forgotten human colony. Brought to you by the international bestselling author of the Mystic Saga and Ghosts of Ophidian. With over 150,000 books downloaded worldwide, Scott McElhaney continues to prove that reasonable Kindle prices do not have to mean poor quality. Also check out Saving Brooksie, Beyond the Event Horizon, One Crazy Summer, and Erinyes by McElhaney.",2013,Scott McElhaney,9,148,189,Amazon,3.76,[]
705,Killers of the Flower Moon,"In the 1920s, the richest people per capita in the world were members of the Osage Indian Nation in Oklahoma. After oil was discovered beneath their land, the Osage rode in chauffeured automobiles, built mansions, and sent their children to study in Europe.Then, one by one, they began to be killed off. One Osage woman, Mollie Burkhart, watched as her family was murdered. Her older sister was shot. Her mother was then slowly poisoned. And it was just the beginning, as more Osage began to die under mysterious circumstances.In this last remnant of the Wild West—where oilmen like J. P. Getty made their fortunes and where desperadoes such as Al Spencer, “the Phantom Terror,” roamed – virtually anyone who dared to investigate the killings were themselves murdered. As the death toll surpassed more than twenty-four Osage, the newly created F.B.I. took up the case, in what became one of the organization’s first major homicide investigations. But the bureau was then notoriously corrupt and initially bungled the case. Eventually the young director, J. Edgar Hoover, turned to a former Texas Ranger named Tom White to try to unravel the mystery. White put together an undercover team, including one of the only Native American agents in the bureau. They infiltrated the region, struggling to adopt the latest modern techniques of detection. Together with the Osage they began to expose one of the most sinister conspiracies in American history.A true-life murder mystery about one of the most monstrous crimes in American history.",ces.,David Grann,20310,190392,1920,Nonfiction,4.10,[]
706,Before I Die,"The story of Tessa, a young teenage girl who has only months to live ... a brilliantly crafted novel, heartbreaking yet life-affirming.Tessa has just months to live. Fighting back against hospital visits, endless tests, drugs with excruciating side-effects, Tessa compiles a list. It’s her To Do Before I Die list. And number one is Sex. Released from the constraints of ‘normal’ life, Tessa tastes new experiences to make her feel alive while her failing body struggles to keep up. Tessa’s feelings, her relationships with her father and brother, her estranged mother, her best friend, and her new boyfriend, all are painfully crystallised in the precious weeks before Tessa’s time finally runs out.",2007,Jenny Downham,4401,54652,336,Young Adult,3.81,[]
707,The Lincoln Lawyer,"Mickey Haller has spent all his professional life afraid that he wouldn’t recognize innocence if it stood right in front of him. But what he should have been on the watch for was evil.Haller is the Lincoln Lawyer, a criminal defense attorney who operates out of the back seat of his Lincoln Town Car. He travels between the far-flung courthouses of Los Angeles to defend clients of every kind. Bikers, con artists, drunk drivers, drug dealers — they’re all on Mickey Haller’s client list. For him, the law is rarely about guilt or innocence — it’s about negotiation and manipulation. Sometimes it’s even about justice.A Beverly Hills playboy arrested for attacking a woman he picked up in a bar chooses Haller to defend him, and Mickey has his first high-paying client in years. It is a defense attorney’s dream, what they call a franchise case. And, as the evidence stacks up, Haller comes to believe this may be the easiest case of his career.Then someone close to him is murdered and Haller discovers that his search for innocence has brought him face-to-face with evil as pure as a flame. To escape without being burned, he must deploy every tactic, feint, and instinct in his arsenal — this time to save his own life.",2005,Michael Connelly,6658,222228,404,Mystery,4.19,[]
708,Before I Go to Sleep,"Christine wakes up every morning in an unfamiliar bed with an unfamiliar man. She looks in the mirror and sees an unfamiliar, middle-aged face. And every morning, the man she has woken up with must explain that he is Ben, he is her husband, she is forty-seven years old, and a terrible accident two decades earlier decimated her ability to form new memories.Every day, Christine must begin again the reconstruction of her past. And the closer she gets to the truth, the more unbelievable it seems.",2011,S.J. Watson,24073,325137,359,Thriller,3.90,[]
709,Hyperbole and a Half,"This is a book I wrote. Because I wrote it, I had to figure out what to put on the back cover to explain what it is. I tried to write a long, third-person summary that would imply how great the book is and also sound vaguely authoritative--like maybe someone who isn’t me wrote it--but I soon discovered that I’m not sneaky enough to pull it off convincingly. So I decided to just make a list of things that are in the book:PicturesWordsStories about things that happened to meStories about things that happened to other people because of meEight billion dollars*Stories about dogsThe secret to eternal happiness**These are lies. Perhaps I have underestimated my sneakiness!",2013,Allie Brosh,14208,199925,371,Humor,4.16,[]
710,Anna Dressed in Blood,"Cas Lowood has inherited an unusual vocation: He kills the dead.So did his father before him, until he was gruesomely murdered by a ghost he sought to kill. Now, armed with his father's mysterious and deadly athame, Cas travels the country with his kitchen-witch mother and their spirit-sniffing cat. They follow legends and local lore, destroy the murderous dead, and keep pesky things like the future and friends at bay.Searching for a ghost the locals call Anna Dressed in Blood, Cas expects the usual: track, hunt, kill. What he finds instead is a girl entangled in curses and rage, a ghost like he's never faced before. She still wears the dress she wore on the day of her brutal murder in 1958: once white, now stained red and dripping with blood. Since her death, Anna has killed any and every person who has dared to step into the deserted Victorian she used to call home.Yet she spares Cas's life.",2011,Kendare Blake,10391,103447,316,Young Adult,3.91,[]
711,The Edge of Never,"Twenty-year-old Camryn Bennett had always been one to think out-of-the-box, who knew she wanted something more in life than following the same repetitive patterns and growing old with the same repetitive life story. And she thought that her life was going in the right direction until everything fell apart.Determined not to dwell on the negative and push forward, Camryn is set to move in with her best friend and plans to start a new job. But after an unexpected night at the hottest club in downtown North Carolina, she makes the ultimate decision to leave the only life she’s ever known, far behind.With a purse, a cell phone and a small bag with a few necessities, Camryn, with absolutely no direction or purpose boards a Greyhound bus alone and sets out to find herself. What she finds is a guy named Andrew Parrish, someone not so very different from her and who harbors his own dark secrets. But Camryn swore never to let down her walls again. And she vowed never to fall in love.But with Andrew, Camryn finds herself doing a lot of things she never thought she’d do. He shows her what it’s really like to live out-of-the-box and to give in to her deepest, darkest desires. On their sporadic road-trip he becomes the center of her exciting and daring new life, pulling love and lust and emotion out of her in ways she never imagined possible. But will Andrew’s dark secret push them inseparably together, or tear them completely apart?
Due to sexual content and language, this book is recommended for 17+ – Adult Contemporary Women’s – New Adult Fiction
",2012,J.A. Redmerski,11431,147064,426,Romance,4.22,[]
712,Extras,"A few years after rebel Tally Youngblood takes down the Specials regime, a cultural renaissance sweeps the world. “Tech-heads” flaunt their latest gadgets, “kickers” spread gossip and trends, and “surge monkeys” are hooked on extreme plastic surgery. Popularity rules, and everyone craves fame.Fifteen-year-old Aya Fuse is no exception. But Aya’s face rank is so low, she’s a total nobody. An extra. Her only chance at stardom is to kick a wild and unexpected story.Then she stumbles upon a big secret. Aya knows she is on the cusp of celebrity. But the information she is about to disclose will change both her fate…and that of the brave new world",2006,Scott Westerfeld,5705,114775,417,Young Adult,3.60,[]
713,The Narrow Road to the Deep North,"A novel of the cruelty of war, and tenuousness of life and the impossibility of love.Richard Flanagan's story — of Dorrigo Evans, an Australian doctor haunted by a love affair with his uncle's wife — journeys from the caves of Tasmanian trappers in the early twentieth century to a crumbling pre-war beachside hotel, from a Thai jungle prison to a Japanese snow festival, from the Changi gallows to a chance meeting of lovers on the Sydney Harbour Bridge.Taking its title from 17th-century haiku poet Basho's travel journal, The Narrow Road to the Deep North is about the impossibility of love. At its heart is one day in a Japanese slave labour camp in August 1943. As the day builds to its horrific climax, Dorrigo Evans battles and fails in his quest to save the lives of his fellow POWs, a man is killed for no reason, and a love story unfolds.",2013,Richard Flanagan,6593,54250,467,Fiction,4.02,[]
714,The Story of the Lost Child,"""Nothing quite like this has ever been published before,"" proclaimed The Guardian about the Neapolitan novels in 2014. Against the backdrop of a Naples that is as seductive as it is perilous and a world undergoing epochal change, Elena Ferrante tells the story of a lifelong friendship between two women with unmatched honesty and brilliance.The Story of the Lost Child is the concluding volume in the dazzling saga of two women — the brilliant, bookish Elena, and the fiery, uncontainable Lila. Both are now adults, with husbands, lovers, aging parents, and children. Their friendship has been the gravitational center of their lives. Both women fought to escape the neighborhood in which they grew up — a prison of conformity, violence, and inviolable taboos. Elena married, moved to Florence, started a family, and published several well-received books. In this final novel she has returned to Naples, drawn back as if responding to the city's obscure magnetism. Lila, on the other hand, could never free herself from the city of her birth. She has become a successful entrepreneur, but her success draws her into closer proximity with the nepotism, chauvinism, and criminal violence that infect the neighborhood. Proximity to the world she has always rejected only brings her role as its unacknowledged leader into relief. For Lila is unstoppable, unmanageable, unforgettable.The four volumes in this series constitute a long remarkable story that readers will return to again and again, and each return will bring with it new revelations.",2014,Elena Ferrante,8963,119669,473,Fiction,4.43,[]
715,Beyond the Event Horizon,"Award winning mainstream author Scott McElhaney is now reintroducing his first award-winning novel of Christian Sci-fi (a tough genre in itself). This book was originally published under the pseudonym Scott Curtis and received rave reviews from both the scientific community as well as the religious community. This is a full-length novel that will take you on a journey through time and across the galaxy.Skylar Rains has made a significant breakthrough regarding the future of time travel. Testing this theory however leaves him stranded 1100 years in the future with no hope of return. What he discovers is a frightening world devoid of all life. Now he must sift through the clues to learn what became of the world he once knew. Much to his surprise, he finds that these clues may lead him to another planet nearly 12 light years away. Scott McElhaney is the 2008 winner of the Xulon Book Award for his first novel ""Mommy's Choice."" Now he is making all of his novels available to Kindle readers at the very accessible price of only 99 cents. His newest mainstream sci-fi series ""The Mystic Saga"" including Indentured, Legacy, Violation, Judgment, and Convergence have been downloaded more than 50,000 times.",2012,Scott McElhaney,29,242,243,Science Fiction,3.90,[]
716,Magic Bites,"Ilona Andrews invites you to experience the first novel in the #1 New York Times bestselling series featuring the intriguing fantasy world of mercenary Kate Daniels…When the magic is up, rogue mages cast their spells and monsters appear, while guns refuse to fire and cars fail to start. But then technology returns, and the magic recedes as unpredictably as it arose, leaving all kinds of paranormal problems in its wake.Kate Daniels is a down-on-her-luck mercenary who makes her living cleaning up these magical problems. But when Kate’s guardian is murdered, her quest for justice draws her into a power struggle between two strong factions within Atlanta’s magic circles.The Masters of the Dead, necromancers who can control vampires, and the Pack, a paramilitary clan of shapechangers, blame each other for a series of bizarre killings—and the death of Kate’s guardian may be part of the same mystery. Pressured by both sides to find the killer, Kate realizes she’s way out of her league—but she wouldn’t have it any other way…",2007,Ilona Andrews,8050,119481,261,Urban Fantasy,4.06,[]
717,Brooklyn,"Hauntingly beautiful and heartbreaking, Colm Tóibín's sixth novel, Brooklyn, is set in Brooklyn and Ireland in the early 1950s, when one young woman crosses the ocean to make a new life for herself.Eilis Lacey has come of age in small-town Ireland in the years following World War Two. Though skilled at bookkeeping, she cannot find a job in the miserable Irish economy. When an Irish priest from Brooklyn offers to sponsor Eilis in America--to live and work in a Brooklyn neighborhood ""just like Ireland""--she decides she must go, leaving her fragile mother and her charismatic sister behind.Eilis finds work in a department store on Fulton Street, and when she least expects it, finds love. Tony, a blond Italian from a big family, slowly wins her over with patient charm. He takes Eilis to Coney Island and Ebbets Field, and home to dinner in the two-room apartment he shares with his brothers and parents. He talks of having children who are Dodgers fans. But just as Eilis begins to fall in love with Tony, devastating news from Ireland threatens the promise of her future.",2009,Colm Tóibín,11676,106895,262,Fiction,3.69,[]
718,Asterios Polyp,"The triumphant return of one of comics’ greatest talents, with an engrossing story of one man’s search for love, meaning, sanity, and perfect architectural proportions. An epic story long awaited, and well worth the wait. Meet Asterios Polyp: middle-aged, meagerly successful architect and teacher, aesthete and womanizer, whose life is wholly upended when his New York City apartment goes up in flames. In a tenacious daze, he leaves the city and relocates to a small town in the American heartland. But what is this “escape” really about? As the story unfolds, moving between the present and the past, we begin to understand this confounding yet fascinating character, and how he’s gotten to where he is. And isn’t. And we meet Hana: a sweet, smart, first-generation Japanese American artist with whom he had made a blissful life. But now she’s gone. Did Asterios do something to drive her away? What has happened to her? Is she even alive? All the questions will be answered, eventually.In the meantime, we are enthralled by Mazzucchelli’s extraordinarily imagined world of brilliantly conceived eccentrics, sharply observed social mores, and deftly depicted asides on everything from design theory to the nature of human perception.Asterios Polyp is David Mazzucchelli’s masterpiece: a great American graphic novel.",2009,David Mazzucchelli,1779,26450,324,Graphic Novels,4.21,[]
719,Spell Bound,"Hailed as “impossible to put down,” the Hex Hall series has both critics and teens cheering. With a winning combination of romance, action, magic and humor, this third volume will leave readers enchanted.Just as Sophie Mercer has come to accept her extraordinary magical powers as a demon, the Prodigium Council strips them away. Now Sophie is defenseless, alone, and at the mercy of her sworn enemies—the Brannicks, a family of warrior women who hunt down the Prodigium. Or at least that’s what Sophie thinks, until she makes a surprising discovery. The Brannicks know an epic war is coming, and they believe Sophie is the only one powerful enough to stop the world from ending. But without her magic, Sophie isn’t as confident.Sophie’s bound for one hell of a ride—can she get her powers back before it’s too late?",2012,Rachel Hawkins,4234,60274,327,Young Adult,4.06,[]
720,Gulag,"The Gulag—the vast array of Soviet concentration camps—was a system of repression and punishment whose rationalized evil and institutionalized inhumanity were rivaled only by the Holocaust. The Gulag entered the world's historical consciousness in 1972, with the publication of Alexander Solzhenitsyn's epic oral history of the Soviet camps, The Gulag Archipelago. Since the collapse of the Soviet Union, dozens of memoirs and new studies covering aspects of that system have been published in Russia and the West. Using these new resources as well as her own original historical research, Anne Applebaum has now undertaken, for the first time, a fully documented history of the Soviet camp system, from its origins in the Russian Revolution to its collapse in the era of glasnost. It is an epic feat of investigation and moral reckoning that places the Gulag where it belongs: at the center of our understanding of the troubled history of the twentieth century. Anne Applebaum first lays out the chronological history of the camps and the logic behind their creation, enlargement, and maintenance. The Gulag was first put in place in 1918 after the Russian Revolution. In 1929, Stalin personally decided to expand the camp system, both to use forced labor to accelerate Soviet industrialization and to exploit the natural resources of the country's barely habitable far northern regions. By the end of the 1930s, labor camps could be found in all twelve of the Soviet Union's time zones. The system continued to expand throughout the war years, reaching its height only in the early 1950s. From 1929 until the death of Stalin in 1953, some 18 million people passed through this massive system. Of these 18 million, it is estimated that 4.5 million never returned. But the Gulag was not just an economic institution. It also became, over time, a country within a country, almost a separate civilization, with its own laws, customs, literature, folklore, slang, and morality. Topic by topic, Anne Applebaum also examines how life was lived within this shadow country: how prisoners worked, how they ate, where they lived, how they died, how they survived. She examines their guards and their jailers, the horrors of transportation in empty cattle cars, the strange nature of Soviet arrests and trials, the impact of World War II, the relations between different national and religious groups, and the escapes, as well as the extraordinary rebellions that took place in the 1950s. She concludes by examining the disturbing question why the Gulag has remained relatively obscure, in the historical memory of both the former Soviet Union and the West. Gulag: A History will immediately be recognized as a landmark work of historical scholarship and an indelible contribution to the complex, ongoing, necessary quest for truth.",2003,Anne Applebaum,895,10655,677,History,4.26,[]
721,Skulduggery Pleasant,"Meet Skulduggery Pleasant,Ace Detective,Snappy Dresser,Razor–tongued Wit,Crackerjack Sorcerer,and Walking, Talking, Fire-throwing Skeleton,—as well as ally, protector, and mentor of Stephanie Edgley, a very unusual and darkly talented twelve-year-old.These two alone must defeat an all-consuming ancient evil.The end of the world?Over his dead body.",2007,Derek Landy,5045,62637,392,Fantasy,4.18,[]
722,Darkmans,"If history is just a sick joke, then who exactly is telling it and why? Could it be John Scogin, Edward IV's court jester, whose favourite pastime was to burn people alive? Or is it Andrew Boarde, Henry VIII's physician, who kindly wrote Scogin's biography? This is a modern tale about two familiar subjects - love and jealousy.",2007,Nicola Barker,298,2271,838,Fiction,3.65,[]
723,The Uncommon Reader,"Led by her yapping corgis to the Westminster traveling library outside Buckingham Palace, the Queen finds herself taking out a novel by Ivy Compton-Burnett. Duff read though it is, the following week her choice proves more enjoyable and awakens in Her Majesty a passion for reading so great that her public duties begin to suffer. And so, as she devours work by everyone from Hardy to Brookner to Proust to Beckett, her equerries conspire to bring the Queen's literary odyssey to a close.",2007,Alan Bennett,7336,48122,120,Fiction,3.75,[]
724,The Story of a New Name,"In 2012, Elena Ferrante's My Brilliant Friend introduced readers to the unforgettable Elena and Lila, whose lifelong friendship provides the backbone for the Neapolitan Novels. The Story of a New Name is the second book in this series. With these books, which the New Yorker's James Wood described as ""large, captivating, amiably peopled ... a beautiful and delicate tale of confluence and reversal,"" Ferrante proves herself to be one of Italy's most accomplished storytellers. She writes vividly about a specific neighborhood of Naples from the late-1950s through to the current day and about two remarkable young women who are very much the products of that place and time. Yet in doing so she has created a world in which readers will recognize themselves and has drawn a marvelously nuanced portrait of friendship.In The Story of a New Name, Lila has recently married and made her entrée into the family business; Elena, meanwhile, continues her studies and her exploration of the world beyond the neighborhood that she so often finds stifling. Love, jealousy, family, freedom, commitment, and above all friendship: these are signs under which both women live out this phase in their stories. Marriage appears to have imprisoned Lila, and the pressure to excel is at times too much for Elena. Yet the two young women share a complex and evolving bond that is central to their emotional lives and is a source of strength in the face of life's challenges. In these Neapolitan Novels, Elena Ferrante, the acclaimed author of The Days of Abandonment, gives readers a poignant and universal story about friendship and belonging.",2012,Elena Ferrante,10415,156171,471,Fiction,4.43,[]
725,The Hummingbird's Daughter,"The prizewinning writer Luis Alberto Urrea's long-awaited novel is an epic mystical drama of a young woman's sudden sainthood in late 19th-century Mexico.It is 1889, and the civil war is brewing in Mexico. Sixteen year old Teresita, illegitimate but beloved daughter of the wealthy and powerful rancher Don Tomas Urrea, wakes from the strangest dream - a dream that she has died. Only it was not a dream. This passionate and rebellious young woman has arisen from the dead with the power to heal - but it will take all her faith to endure the trials that await her and her family now that she has become the Saint of Cabora.The Hummingbird's Daughter is a vast, hugely satisfying novel of love and loss, joy and pain. Two decades in the writing, this is the masterpiece that Luis Alberto Urrea has been building up to.",2005,Luis Alberto Urrea,1799,12610,528,Historical Fiction,4.21,[]
726,The Lowland,"Epic in its canvas and intimate in its portrayal of lives undone and forged anew, The Lowland is a deeply felt novel of family ties that entangle and fray in ways unforeseen and unrevealed, of ties that ineluctably define who we areFrom Subhash's earliest memories, at every point, his brother was there. In the suburban streets of Calcutta where they wandered before dusk and in the hyacinth-strewn ponds where they played for hours on end, Udayan was always in his older brother's sight. So close in age, they were inseparable in childhood and yet, as the years pass - as U.S tanks roll into Vietnam and riots sweep across India - their brotherly bond can do nothing to forestall the tragedy that will upend their lives. Udayan - charismatic and impulsive - finds himself drawn to the Naxalite movement, a rebellion waged to eradicate inequity and poverty. He will give everything, risk all, for what he believes, and in doing so will transform the futures of those dearest to him: his newly married, pregnant wife, his brother and their parents. For all of them, the repercussions of his actions will reverberate across continents and seep through the generations that follow. Epic in its canvas and intimate in its portrayal of lives undone and forged anew, The Lowland is a deeply felt novel of family ties that entangle and fray in ways unforeseen and unrevealed, of ties that ineluctably define who we are. With all the hallmarks of Jhumpa Lahiri's achingly poignant, exquisitely empathetic story-telling, this is her most devastating work of fiction to date.",2013,Jhumpa Lahiri,8782,90963,340,Fiction,3.86,[]
727,Evernight,"
Bianca wants to escape.
She's been uprooted from her small hometown and enrolled at Evernight Academy, an eerie Gothic boarding school where the students are somehow too perfect: smart, sleek, and almost predatory. Bianca knows she doesn't fit in. Then she meets Lucas. He's not the ""Evernight type"" either, and he likes it that way. Lucas ignores the rules, stands up to the snobs, and warns Bianca to be careful—even when it comes to caring about him. ""I couldn't stand it if they took it out on you,"" he tells Bianca, ""and eventually they would."" But the connection between Bianca and Lucas can't be denied. Bianca will risk anything to be with Lucas, but dark secrets are fated to tear them apart . . . and to make Bianca question everything she's ever believed.",2008,Claudia Gray,3426,79359,327,Young Adult,3.65,[]
728,His Majesty's Dragon,"Aerial combat brings a thrilling new dimension to the Napoleonic Wars as valiant warriors ride mighty fighting dragons, bred for size or speed. When HMS Reliant captures a French frigate and seizes the precious cargo, an unhatched dragon egg, fate sweeps Captain Will Laurence from his seafaring life into an uncertain future – and an unexpected kinship with a most extraordinary creature. Thrust into the rarified world of the Aerial Corps as master of the dragon Temeraire, he will face a crash course in the daring tactics of airborne battle. For as France’s own dragon-borne forces rally to breach British soil in Bonaparte’s boldest gambit, Laurence and Temeraire must soar into their own baptism of fire.",2006,Naomi Novik,7829,92362,374,Fantasy,4.06,[]
729,Chronicles,"""I'd come from a long ways off and had started a long ways down. But now destiny was about to manifest itself. I felt like it was looking right at me and nobody else."" So writes Bob Dylan in Chronicles: Volume One, his remarkable book exploring critical junctures in his life and career. Through Dylan's eyes and open mind, we see Greenwich Village, circa 1961, when he first arrives in Manhattan. Dylan's New York is a magical city of possibilities -- smoky, nightlong parties; literary awakenings; transient loves and unbreakable friendships. Elegiac observations are punctuated by jabs of memories, penetrating and tough. With the book's side trips to New Orleans, Woodstock, Minnesota and points west, Chronicles: Volume One is an intimate and intensely personal recollection of extraordinary times.By turns revealing, poetical, passionate and witty, Chronicles: Volume One is a mesmerizing window on Bob Dylan's thoughts and influences. Dylan's voice is distinctively American: generous of spirit, engaged, fanciful and rhythmic. Utilizing his unparalleled gifts of storytelling and the exquisite expressiveness that are the hallmarks of his music, Bob Dylan turns Chronicles: Volume One into a poignant reflection on life, and the people and places that helped shape the man and the art.",2004,Bob Dylan,2101,54867,320,Music,3.97,[]
730,Nightshade,"Calla Tor has always known her destiny: After graduating from the Mountain School, she'll be the mate of sexy alpha wolf Ren Laroche and fight with him, side by side, ruling their pack and guarding sacred sites for the Keepers. But when she violates her masters' laws by saving a beautiful human boy out for a hike, Calla begins to question her fate, her existence, and the very essence of the world she has known. By following her heart, she might lose everything- including her own life. Is forbidden love worth the ultimate sacrifice?""A finely-wrought compelling tale of romance and treachery...""-Cynthia Leitich Smith(New York Times bestselling author of Eternal and Tantalize)",2010,Andrea Cremer,5122,82742,452,Young Adult,4.01,[]
731,Einstein,"Einstein was a rebel and nonconformist from boyhood days, and these character traits drove both his life and his science. In this narrative, Walter Isaacson explains how his mind worked and the mysteries of the universe that he discovered.",2007,Walter Isaacson,4173,170364,675,Biography,4.16,[]
732,A Court of Thorns and Roses,"Feyre's survival rests upon her ability to hunt and kill – the forest where she lives is a cold, bleak place in the long winter months. So when she spots a deer in the forest being pursued by a wolf, she cannot resist fighting it for the flesh. But to do so, she must kill the predator and killing something so precious comes at a price ...Dragged to a magical kingdom for the murder of a faerie, Feyre discovers that her captor, his face obscured by a jewelled mask, is hiding far more than his piercing green eyes would suggest. Feyre's presence at the court is closely guarded, and as she begins to learn why, her feelings for him turn from hostility to passion and the faerie lands become an even more dangerous place. Feyre must fight to break an ancient curse, or she will lose him forever.",2015,Sarah J. Maas,111276,1402304,432,Fantasy,4.20,"['(Note from 2/21/2023 because I apparently have to spell it out: For those of you who don\'t read comments or check dates read, I read and reviewed this book in 2018. It has been about 5 years; as I have stated in a number of comments, I will not continue this series. In the intervening years since reading this, my feelings on the matter have not changed nor have I desired to continue. Please refrain from commenting about how I need to continue the series or that I did not understand the book. I receive too many of those comments and I\'m tired of replying the same thing over and over again. This review is for me first and foremost, not you. Please move on if you do not like my take.)Me to Sarah J Maas:""Do you lie awake at night to come up with all your witty replies for the following day?""Oh dear, this is awful.\nThe Writing\nThe title of this book is stupid. It\'s stupid and flashy and unrelated to the actual content of the book. It\'s solely for the ~wow~ factor. The quotable line, ""I love you... Thorns and all"" is wholely ineffective because ""thorns"" had not been established as a motif and was only used in that context in that very scene, more than halfway through the book. The word ""thorn"" was only used a grand total of 9 times in this book. The original Beauty and the Beast story had established rose motifs—you can\'t borrow good writing, even for a retelling. That\'s just lazy.The writing itself was inconsistent and poorly done.I pushed and pulled, but the mud was too slick, and held fast.Are you aware of the definition of ""slick"", Sarah J Maas? I do not think it means what you think it means.Besides that, Amarantha\'s hair drastically changed color after about 90 pages:Her red-gold hairHer black hairWhich is it, Maas? It can\'t be both unless she has unmentioned magical hair dyeing abilities.The atmosphere and the opening chapter were excellent and I was intrigued by the idea that was offered me, but the actual book did not deliver at all.This next point is a spoiler, but because I am disgusted with Sarah J Maas for including this, I am not going to mark it as such, since everyone should know what kind of morals this book is supporting before they read it especially when they are as filthy and vulgar as this was.The attempted rape of Feyre by Tamlin was brushed off as no more than a mere romantic, steamy encounter to further their lukewarm love story. The only conclusions I can logically draw from this are all rather victim blamey, tbh—she was warned several times to stay inside with the doors locked until dawn, but she leaves her room not once but twice before dawn because she ~wants to go to the party~ and then later, after she almost gets gang-raped and is saved and then creeped out by Rhysand the sociopath, she thinks she is totally safe to go eat a bunch of cookies because, well the drums stopped, so it\'s probably okay now, and then she gets sexually assaulted by Tamlin, who was still high with lust magic.I was about to pass out when he grabbed me, so fast I didn\'t see anything until he had me pinned against the wall.""Let go,"" I said as evenly as I could.I [pushed] him away. He grabbed my hands again and bit my neck. I cried out as his teeth clamped onto the tender spot where my neck met my shoulder. I couldn\'t move—I couldn\'t think.Before, during and after the attack, she\'s thinking, Wow, he\'s really hot. I\'m kinda uncomfortable with this, but I guess it\'s okay that he\'s drunk on lust magic, because I wanted to sleep with him anyway. That is a very wrong and dangerous way of thinking. No matter what, it is never okay for anyone to make someone else sexually uncomfortable or afraid, especially when they\'ve given verbal disapproval. This entire scene left a bad taste in my mouth.And then there\'s Rhysand\'s behavior. He repeatedly violates her personal space and comfort, drugging her and forcing her to ""dance"" for him in front of a large crowd for weeks on end after stripping her all but naked. Like all Fae males, apparently, he using brute force to get her to comply with his sexual wishes.""But he didn\'t actually touch her; he kept his hands just on her waist!"" you say. Yeah, but did she say he could touch her at all? Did she actively encourage him to touch her? No, she did not.I pulled away, but his hands were like shackles.I would not have such an issue with this if Sarah J Maas didn\'t give the impression that she supports such behavior. That is what I find unconsciable.Besides that, the plot made no sense, even after exposition-Alis gave us the lowdown—in fact, it almost made less sense then. It was cheesy and cliché and frankly, boring. The ""riddle"" was extremely easy and only proved that Feyre is an absolute idiot with no logical abilities, as I was able to figure it out before Amarantha had even finished saying it, and I\'m notoriously bad at riddles.The sex scenes were almost Empire of Storms levels of bad, cringey, and gross. I think Sarah J Maas doesn\'t know what YA means and isn\'t aware she\'s actually writing for NA.\nThe Worldbuilding\nThe Fae were, for one thing, almost exactly the same (primarily in appearance and personality) to the ones in the Throne of Glass series, and tbh I was disappointed. They\'re not even cleverly unique faeries. They\'re just Tolkien-esque elves that are actually vampires: fangs and biting, immortality, aetherial beauty, animalistic tendencies, superiority complex. They don\'t have any distinct differences from humans in their thought processes or emotional capacities—only the same degree of variety that exists in humans.The religious system and creation story was very interesting and I really liked that aspect.\nThe Characters\nFaerie aka Belle: Sarah J Maas decided to try something new and have a first person fixed perspective, but it didn\'t really work, because Feyre was a bland complacent character without much substance passed the surface level, and most of the interesting action took place where she couldn\'t see it. She suffered, like Celaena did in Crown of Midnight, from what I call Nehemia syndrome: the character that the MC has grown to trust, despite obvious suspicious behavior, turns out to be manipulative, and yet the MC completely overlooks that fact in favor of idolization of their lying friend. In this case, everyone in Prythian is keeping secrets from her and after almost getting her questions answered by the Suriel, Feyre decides to ""Stay with the High Lord. He will keep you safe,"" and just completely forgets that she wants answers about the blight. Also, whereas Belle left the Beast in the original story because her father was in mortal danger, in this book, Feyre leaves because Tamlin impies that she\'s gonna get ganked by Rhys or Amarantha, the evil Faerie Queen. She is not an active protagonist. Also, her painting skills aren\'t a part of her characterization; it just feels tacked on to make her ~cool~ and ~unique~Tampon aka the Beast: I don\'t even care about this guy tbh. He\'s a confusing character who just feels like a Chaol-Rowan merge on steroids. He\'s violent, obsessive, and abusive, but also sweet, understanding, and caring, because that\'s not a contradiction. There\'s a difference between a complex character and a poorly written character.Lucien aka Lumiere/Cogsworth (his steampunk eye suggests Cogsworth but his personality suggests Lumiere): So apparently he ""hates"" Feyre even though I almost shipped them more since they consistently had better chemistry than her and Tammy, and that\'s saying a lot, because they didn\'t have chemistry.exposition-Alis aka Mrs Potts: She was okay. Just okay. She was fine.Reese\'s Cups aka also the Beast and kinda Gaston too: Is he supposed to be her love interest for the rest of the series or something, because the fan art definitely suggests that, but, uh, did everyone forget that he\'s a dangerous sociopath with a history of violence?? He has no regard for her emotional well-being and sees her body as literally nothing passed a sexual plaything. He\'s a horrible person.Amarantha: Why did there have to be a ""big bad evil Faerie Queen"" in this at all? There\'s already one in the Throne of Glass series and I can only take so much female-against-female hate from a supposedly feminist fantasy writer. Amarantha was bland and predictable, and her motivations were extremely surface-level.Her fam: Nesta was like, supposed to have some kind of implied character arc but lol it wasn\'t very good. Elain was nice and I liked her. The dad was okay, I guess. Pretty forgettable tbhIsaac Hale aka fake-out Gaston: This character wasn\'t important at all, but I just wanted to say that I think this is the dumbest name choice in a high fantasy book that I\'ve ever seen. Isaac Hale?? Really, Sarah J Maas? Really? That\'s the Jason of fantasy names. This is a the-guy-who-went-to-high-school-with-my-older-sister kind of name. It\'s not a fantasy name.\nConclusion\nWhile I managed to read it fairly quickly, I had to dnf it for several days before deciding to trudge through. It was horrendous. I may pick up the sequel at some point, idk, but for now, from what I predict and understand from various spoilers I\'ve encountered on the internet, I don\'t really care about this series very much. Frankly, it\'s not good.Show more', ""That was both horrible and incredible at the same time, and my thoughts are a whirlwind. Note: The first part of this review is spoiler-free, but the second half is most definitely not. The spoilery section is blocked off by siren emojis (🚨). Skip to the end for bonus content, including an ACOTAR rap written by yours truly. This is the story of a mortal girl, Feyre, who kills a Fae in the woods one day. She’s whisked away to Prythian, home of the Fae, where she will live the rest of her days as punishment for murdering the wolf. Whoever said this was a Beauty and the Beast retelling is clearly not okay. This is far from a retelling, because it takes all the important themes out and leaves just the bare plotline:1. The Beast (Tamlin) is not ugly or even a beast at all. He just has a mask stuck to his face forever as part of a curse that I will get into more in the spoilery section. 2. We are not aware of any good reason for Tamlin to keep Feyre until the very end, and it’s still a flimsy reason (this relates back to the curse). The problem with the plot is that the foreshadowing is so faint. The plot in the beginning and up until the 75 percent mark makes no sense at all. Tamlin takes Feyre to live in luxury, with good food and nice clothes and freedom, because she killed his fellow Fae? It’s just nonsensical. How is that a punishment at all? She no longer has to care for her spoiled sisters, she’s away from the poor village. However, it does make sense in the end, but Feyre is very naive for believing all of this. Something doesn’t add up. People who DNF this book will be very confused indeed. In Beauty and the Beast, we know of the curse beforehand, so we can find a good reason for the Beast to be kind to Belle. But Tamlin? It’s a mystery. So anyway, Feyre gets taken to a land of luxury to live out the rest of her days in comfort as “punishment,” but she’s still not happy because for some reason she misses her sisters, even though they treated her like dirt. She falls in love with Tamlin, which was expected because he’s not a Beast. There’s no barrier to overcome here. She isn’t forced to look past his ugly exterior because he has no ugly exterior. Along the way, another Fae named Lucien conveniently reveals everything Feyre needs to know right before it happens. This is supposed to be foreshadowing? I think? But in the end, he makes things so easy for Feyre and there’s no conflict whatsoever. The only problems arise from Feyre’s own stupidity. Their exchanges basically go like this:Lucien: The Suriel are super dangerous and even hard for the Fae to trap so stay away. Feyre: *makes simple snare* *kills chicken* oOpS I caught one, what a coincidence!!Everything is far too easy for Feyre. She’s supposed to be a responsible hunter, but instead she makes stupid, reckless decisions that don’t line up with her character. She follows an illusion of her father despite being told it’s fake, she goes outside on Fire Night, she chases the Suriel, she goes after Tamlin… etc. If you tell her not to do something, she will do it.Lucien: Stay in your room, it’s dangerous.Tamlin: Stay in your room, it’s dangerous. Literally everyone ever: Stay in your room, it’s dangerous.Feyre: *gets a midnight snack* Feyre is trying to figure out the details of this blight that’s supposed to be taking over Prythian, but luckily for her, Lucien and Tamlin give everything away with no struggle whatsoever. The result is that the danger does not feel genuine. It feels like a cheesy way to add angst to the relationship between Feyre and Tamlin. Speaking of Tamlin, everyone hates him so much but he’s such a sweetheart. I know that he gets worse in ACOMAF, but there’s nothing wrong with him in this book. He may be a little bland, but he’s much better than Rhysand. More details in the spoilery section. And then we have the writing, which is just bad. “...” is used in every other sentence, the poor em dashes are abused, and Feyre’s bones bark. A lot. Like, every time she falls down, she describes her barking bones. And what’s up with the phrase “my bowels turned watery?” It’s used at least twice and I don’t like it at all. This is not Shatter Me.🚨🚨🚨SPOILER ALERT🚨🚨🚨So, what’s up with Amarantha? I really do like her. She’s a compelling villain because she’s (somewhat) realistic. Sure, she tortures people for fun, but her backstory makes this seem (somewhat) reasonable. (Somewhat.) Basically, she kidnaps Tamlin and Feyre runs after them because she has no self-preservation instinct. She challenges Amarantha, and in return, she is given three trials. If she wins them all, she and Tamlin will be free and his powers will return. If she loses… well, Amarantha keeps saying that there wouldn’t be enough left of Feyre to burn.However, Amarantha gives her a different option. She could solve a riddle. This is when things go downhill. First of all, why would Amarantha bet all her power and might on a simple riddle? It’s not even that hard to solve. The riddle itself is bad. The rhyming pattern isn’t great. And worst of all, the answer?It’s love. The answer is love. How does this make sense? Amarantha is a brutal, sadistic villain, so why would she write such a cliche, cheesy riddle? She should have made it oddly specific so Feyre would never get it. Anyway, Feyre answers it correctly at the last minute, Amarantha loses all her power, and Tamlin kills her. It was far too easy.Moving onto Rhysand. I hate him with a burning passion. He’s a greasy, crusty, dusty, musty old man. I can’t believe Feysand is the endgame ship. I’m suing. This is ridiculous. I don’t understand how people love him. He’s abusive, uncomfy, and weird. People keep telling me that I will love Rhysand in ACOMAF and hate Tamlin. First of all, I highly doubt it. Second of all, if you have to rely on making one character a villain just to get people to like the other character, that’s bad writing. Finally, the curse is so specific and random. Tamlin has to fall in love with a mortal girl who hates the Fae so much that she killed one in cold blood, and he has to wear a mask, and she can't know it's a curse. 🚨🚨🚨END OF SPOILERS🚨🚨🚨In conclusion: Feyre is an idiot, Tamlin is precious, and Rhysand deserves to rot in a hole. Also, I wrote a rap. It’s called *prim coughing fit* Feyre Darling. Slight spoilers for ACOMAF. Feyre DarlingBy SofiaI let out a breath I didn't realize I was holdingRhys's hair is black but Tam's is goldenWill my bones bark or will they meowCome along Suriel and sing with me nowMy name is FeyreFeyreAnd I'm a standard YA MCWhat stupid things will I do? Let's seeYou tell me one thing and I'll do the otherI left my common sense back in the gutterThere's a blight going ‘round but I don't careTamlin follows me everywhereI think he might like me but idkI can have Rhysand any dayI like to paint but who knows what I'm paintingAt the slightest touch from Tamlin I'll be a-faintingOh no he's abusive what will I doGood that Rhys says it's a choice for youI can't read but that's okayTamlin will save me anywayMy name is FeyreFeyreAnd I'm a standard YA MCWhat stupid things will I do? Let's seeI shot a shifted fae with an ash bowLucien tried to kill me but Tamlin said noAmarantha is being pretty suspiciousRhys killed a fae, that's a little too viciousI could marry Nesta off with one of these dishesTamlin's eyes look like greenish grassNesta thinks I'm pretty crassMy name is FeyreFeyreAnd I'm a standard YA MCWhat stupid things will I do? Let's seeSometimes... I... talk like... this...That won't stop me from taking big risksIt's Fire Night? I'll walk outsideMaybe if I'm lucky I'll nearly dieMy name is FeyreFeyreAnd I'm a standard YA MCWhat stupid things will I do? Let's see2.5 stars, a true guilty pleasureMy review of ACOMAFMy review of ACOWAR___I'm having major FOMO so I guess it's time to read this? 🤷 Anyway, I need a good cry, so SJM is the right way to go.Show more"", 'Clearly I\'m in the minority here. DNF at 30% because I just got fed up with things moving at a snail\'s pace and NOT MAKING SENSE AT ALL. This was one of the most uncompelling versions of Beauty and the Beast that I have ever read. The writing is nothing outstanding, there was nothing that moved me. I felt Cruel Beauty among other B&B retellings I\'ve read this year and last have done a far superior job at moving me emotionally.Look, I\'m sure by the end of the book, all the things tie together and everything\'s just dandy and things will make sense, and I\'d be like ""ooooooh, so that\'s why ____."" Me, I don\'t care. Ain\'t nobody got time for that. I have so many questions and I\'m just fed up. This is not a retelling of Beauty and the Beast. This is a book about a girl who gets to live an easy life with a guy who\'s implied to be a gorgeous Fae underneath his mask.The original story makes sense: here\'s roughly how it goes. Handsome prince is cursed to be ugly unless he gets a chick to fall for him. Flash forward, there\'s Belle\'s dad. Belle\'s dad wanders into Beast\'s castle and touches his stuff. Beast doesn\'t like the fact that Belle\'s dad touched his stuff. Beast is going to kill Belle\'s dad unless he gets Beast some pussy. Belle\'s valiantly steps in to save dad, Beast is as nice to her as much as a hairy ugly, self-conscious, socially ostracized monster can be. Belle is treated like a princess because Beast really, really fucking needs her to save him and his people before the curse runs out!There\'s a reason Belle is treated like the queen! Things make sense! They have to learn to trust one another. Things are slowly developed an built over time. There is a hideous beast who is scarred emotionally, and a beauty who needs to look past the exterior. There is a point. Not so with this book. Things are far, far too easy with this book.Now here\'s this version of Beauty and the Beast, a retelling that tries to be bad-ass and fails completely, from the little that I have read.There\'s Feyre who has a pretty crappy life with an absentminded, worthless, spineless dad, and two of the most bitchy, ungrateful sisters in the entire world. She slaves for them, she hunts food for them, she works her ass off for them. Without her, their family would starve. They don\'t care. I feel some pity for her, but she acts like so much of a martyr that there\'s only so much I can take.While hunting one day, Feyre kills a wolf, well, surprise, surprise, that wolf turns out to be a Fae in disguise. In return for this kill, Feyre is taken by a wolf (who\'s a Fae in disguise) away from her family.\n“What is the payment the Treaty requires?”His eyes didn’t leave my face as he said, “A life for a life. Any unprovoked attacks on faerie-kind by humans are to be paid only by a human life in exchange.”\nA life for a life! Oh, no! Is she going to die?! That\'s what a life for a life means, right? WRONG. Feyre is taken off to magical Fairyland to live in luxury for the rest of her life while her family is taken care of back in their little village.\n“Some would say it’s unwise to insult a Fae in his home,” Tamlin ground out. “Some would say you should be grateful for me finding you before another one of my kind came to claim the debt, for sparing your life and then offering you the chance to live in comfort.”\nSo what?! Why?! This makes no sense at all. Feyre kills one of their kind. A beloved brother. In exchange, there is absolutely no punishment whatsoever. She gets to live in a fantastically fabulous castle, waited on by servants. She gets beautiful clothes and delicious food.\nAnother useless answer. I dug into my breakfast, savoring each rich sip of tea, and she slipped into the bathing chamber. When I was done eating and bathing, I refused Alis’s offer and dressed myself in another exquisite tunic—this one of purple so deep it could have been black.\nClearly there is some kind of a setup involving The Treaty, since there seems to be a lot of secrecy between the Fae...but wait, whatever information she wants, the Fae reveals...they\'re revealing their own weakness to Feyre, who is constantly plotting her own escape. It doesn\'t make any sense!\n “There is … a sickness in these lands. Across Prythian. There has been for almost fifty years now. It is why this house and these lands are so empty: most have left. The blight spreads slowly, but it has made magic act … strangely. My own powers are diminished due to it. These masks”—he tapped on his—“are the result of a surge of it that occurred during a masquerade forty-nine years ago. Even now, we can’t remove them.”\nOver and over and over, the Fae reveal their secrets to her, including one that might help her escape.\n“So there are faeries who will actually answer any question if you trap them?” Maybe they’d know how to free me from the Treaty’s terms.“Yes,” he said tightly. “The Suriel. But they’re old and wicked, and not worth the danger of going out to find them.\nAnd then pretty much the next chapter, she goes out AND IMMEDIATELY FINDS THESE MYSTERIOUS CREATURES. WHAT THE FUCK.I do not like it when things come so easily to a main character, and everything comes easily to Feyre. There is no consequence whatsoever to her actions. There is no punishment to her deed of killing. The Fae are supposed to hate her...it doesn\'t feel like it, because she is ""inconsequential."" In fact, they\'re more of her playmates than her wardens. The Fae seem to have no other things to do besides play with her and hunt with her.\n“My morning work was postponed,” he said. Indeed, his usual tunic was off, the baldric gone, and the sleeves of his white shirt had been rolled up to the elbows to reveal tanned forearms corded with muscle. “If you want a ride across the grounds—if you’re interested in your new … residence, I can take you.”\nAnd teach her how to read and write...because Feyre cannot read or write, an ironic twist to the Disney Belle\'s love for reading.\n“I could help you write to them, if that’s why you’re in here.”\nFeyre is irreverent, ungrateful and insulting to her wardens...in a way that gets her no punishment whatsoever.\n“Do you ever stop being such a prick?” I snapped back.Dead—really, truly, I should have been dead for that.But Lucien grinned at me. “Much better.”\nAs I said, I\'m sure this book improves in the end, but from what I\'ve read, this book makes no sense, the writing is emotionless, the characters are flat, the main character unrealistic, and I do not care to continue.Show more', ""INITIAL REACTION: WILL UPDATE WITH REVIEW LATER BUT KNOW I LOVED THIS. IT KILLED ME AND BROUGHT ME BACK TO LIFE Y'ALL.\nA REVIEW IN GIFs\n:Me when I received the book:\n\nWhen I started reading:\n\nWhen Feyre was introduced:\n\nWhen Tamlin as introduced:\n\nFEYLIN/TAMEY:\n\nLITERALLY ME WHENEVER THEY SPOKE TO/LOOKED AT EACH OTHER:\n\nTHE PLOT WAS BASICALLY EVERYTHING I WANTED IT WAS...\n\nTHEN THERE'S CHAPTER 27!!! AND I DIED SEVERAL TIMES\n\n\n\n\n\nAmarantha,\n\nAlso Rhysand:\n\n(more like get off my SHIP, am I right??)Feyre's character development was ON POINT:\n\nBASICALLY THIS WAS ME AFTER READING IT:\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nShow more"", '2 1/2 stars. Maybe my rating comes as a surprise or even - if you care - a disappointment, but let me assure you: no one is more surprised or disappointed than I am. I\'ve had this book on my TBR ever since it appeared on Goodreads without a title, cover or description. I started reading it as soon as it became available and the array of positive reviews from my friends and strangers alike made me feel sure I would love it. But I didn\'t. It is possible I expected all the wrong things from A Court of Thorns and Roses, and maybe my review can prevent others from doing the same.Here\'s what I expected: an intricate fantasy world, supernatural politics and alliances, fast-paced action, a sensual romance - perhaps similar to Cruel Beauty and other Beauty and the Beast retellings, and a flawed but likable heroine.But this book is, if you ask me, nothing more or less than softcore erotica. Which is fine, if that\'s what you\'re looking for. I personally thought that the fantasy aspect felt like trimmings around a story that was all about a romance between Feyre (the narrator) and Tamlin (a High Lord of the Fae). There are some titillating scenes where Tamlin bites Feyre\'s neck and they have sex - undoubtedly the best bits of the book and I won\'t pretend I didn\'t feel a little hot under the collar myself. But the ""ancient wicked shadow"" promised in the blurb is only really a source of more romantic angst for Feyre and Tamlin.However, I *do* like a good romance as much as anyone, so there are other reasons this book didn\'t quite work for me. In order to express what I mean, I\'m going to compare A Court of Thorns and Roses to Cruel Beauty, which is, in my opinion, a better book. In CB, I felt the chemistry between Nyx and Ignifex as soon as their loaded banter started to fill the pages. They were sexy together, Ignifex was an evil ruler (which was a real problem for their relationship) with blood-red eyes, and the supernatural part of the book was creepy, weird and completely unique. Despite enjoying the actual non-PG scenes in A Court of Thorns and Roses, I never felt any real chemistry between Feyre and Tamlin or any realistic challenge to their relationship.What makes Beauty and the Beast such a compelling romance? One that demands to be told over and over again in so many different ways? I\'ll tell you what it is: it\'s the obstacles, the challenges, the improbability... how can a young woman come to love an ugly beast? We ask. I\'ll prove it\'s possible! The author replies. That\'s why readers fall in love with the beast again and again, even when he is furry and has horns like the Disney version. I loved the Disney beast. And that badass fox in Robin Hood so it\'s possible I have issues.Tamlin is not a beast.“Even as he bit out the words, I couldn’t ignore the sheer male beauty of that strong jaw, the richness of his golden-tan skin.” Oh my, how could a poor young woman ever love a pretty-faced, golden-haired, completely not evil Fae prince? How weird.Maas is a good writer and the beginning - before Feyre is taken to the Fae world - made me believe a great book was on the way. When Maas writes action, she writes action really well. But there was far too little of it in this book. It came in behind the descriptions of beautiful Fae men and the Fae palace. In short: It just wasn\'t nasty enough. In truth, this felt more like an extended Cinderella retelling than what it was supposed to be. A girl lives in poverty and looks after her rather annoying sisters until one day she is swept up by a prince who takes her to his beautiful palace (after about three chapters). I just find it hard to recommend this when I think Cruel Beauty is similar and yet so much better.Blog | Facebook | Twitter | Instagram | TumblrShow more', 'I cannot remember ever being this conflicted over a book. There are parts of A Court of Thorns and Roses I really loved, but a lot of parts I really hated. I went into this book fully expecting to love it. Beauty and the Beast is one of my favorite fairy tales, and I was interested to see how SJM made the story her own. First off, my biggest problem with this story was Feyre as a character. I have never been so irritated. Her character development and personality, for the most part, didn\'t make sense to me. She was the caretaker of her entire family for years, supposedly a hunter with a strong survival instinct. And yet, she proceeded to make the stupidest decisions and put herself in danger time and time again. I didn\'t get the sense that she did this out of bravery, but more out of stupidity. It didn\'t mesh with what her character was supposed to be. Examples of these idiotic choices:  1. Repeatedly plotting to escape into a faerie land that she knew to be deadly, when she was asleep on the way to the manor and obviously wouldn\'t know her way back to the mortal lands 2. Running after the illusion of her CRIPPLED father at NIGHT, when she has been told and witnessed how deceptive fae can be3. Trapping a Suriel with little more than a snare, in the deadly part of the forest, after she has been told, and AGAIN, SEEN how dangerous these creatures are4. Going to Fire Night after being told how dangerous it is, not leaving after being almost raped by 3 faeries, and then proceeding to leave her room AGAIN afterwards5. Drinking the faerie wine at the Solstice, even after Lucien of all people warned her not to 6. Leaving the manor when the Suriel flat out TOLD her not to and that she would be safe with Tamlin, and deciding to not mention that to ANYONE before he forced her to leaveIn addition to all of these idiotic choices, she also is incredibly inconsistent. She\'ll go from hating Fae to sympathizing with them to loving them back to fearing them at the drop of a hat. These inconsistencies are probably the most irritating, as there are scenes that I absolutely adore with Feyre, but then she goes back to doing the next pain in the ass thing on the next page. I also found her relationship with Tamlin to be problematic. Yes, I do enjoy problematic things (especially ships from time to time) but there were a lot of things I couldn\'t excuse with them. Again, more inconsistencies in characters\' behavior. Tamlin\'s hot and cold behavior was eventually explained, but not until 70% of the way through the book. It was too little too late. Also,  I found the Fire Night scene to be a problem for me. I do enjoy volatile relationships and bad boy characters. But only when we are told from the beginning that one of the characters is ""bad"". Tamlin we are led to believe is a saint, then he bites her and gets possessive, but all is forgiven the next morning. Because he\'s a ""nice guy."" No. The world building I found to be lackluster in a lot of ways. While I really enjoyed the wide variety of Fae creatures we got to see, I thought that a lot of the back story was revealed in a lazy way. Instead of having Feyre figure anything out for herself, important things are told to her through long monologues from a number of characters throughout the book. This happens numerous times. Additionally, few side characters have any development and most felt like blank slates. With that being said, the ones that were developed I adored. Lucien and Rhys saved the book for me in a lot of ways. I found them both to be complex and interesting characters. The last 10-15% of the book saved it for me. I found the plot to finally be interesting, and I found Feyre\'s decisions in those chapters to actually make sense. A lot of things were set up for future books that have me very intrigued, and I\'m looking forward to the rest of the series. Many things that I disliked in this book, may in fact be remedied due to some of the occurrences in this last small section of the book. Overall, I was disappointed by this first installment. While there were elements I really enjoyed, they didn\'t make up for the elements I didn\'t. I\'m hoping future installments will prove to be better. I will also be doing a full video review and spoiler-filled discussion on my channel in the future if you want to know more of my thoughts. Show more', ""\n If you've ever wondered which literary world would be the best to live in, wonder no longer, cause there's a BookTube Video to answer that!\nThe Written Review\n:----------Update - 12/6/19\nShould\n I cross the insurmountable TBR? Or reread this series again?I think you know the answer----------Here's the original review:\n  Feyre is hunting in the middle of the woods to keep her useless starving family alive (Hunger Games, anyone?).  A chance encounter with a wolf - who wasn't entirely a wolf - leaves Feyre on the wrong end of an ancient treaty. She is forced to go to the fairy realm to live out the remaining years of her human life - no friends, no family and no freedom. \n“Has anyone ever taken care of you?” he asked quietly.“No.” I’d long since stopped feeling sorry for myself about it.\nAt first, she cannot think of anything but escape. Slowly (but surely), she is swept into the fairy realm - in its magic & intrigue, in its danger & hopelessness, and in its wonder & glory. \n“Spring, Summer, Autumn, Winter, Dawn, Day, and Night,” it mused, as if I hadn’t even answered. “The seven Courts of Prythian, each ruled by a High Lord, all of them deadly in their own way. They are not merely powerful—they are Power.”\nFeyre lands in the Spring court - which is under a masquerade curse for nearly fifty years. The court is being attacked by all manner of terrible creatures and there is a blight upon the land . This blight will soon cross to the human realm - threatening everyone Feyre holds dear.The first half sucks but keep readingThere's no way around it. From page 1 to about 200, Feyre is  annoying and obstinate. I nearly put this book down half a dozen times (it was like reading Red Queen). BUT, there was something about it that kept me interested. AND THANK GOODNESS FOR THAT. Because wow. Seriously wow. Midway through the book, things turned around magnificently. It was like a whole new book. Sarah J Maas is a devious little thing. Suddenly, all the plot holes, nonsensical actions of her fairy captors (Tamlin and Lucien) and Feyre's complete idiocy flipped on their heads. Everything makes sense now.  I literally could not put this down.Though, and maybe it's just me, but the Tamlin-Feyre arc felt a bit rushed/forced. Her constant love declarations really had me questioning their relationship. But then again, I had a friend who accidentally spilled the beans on that one. Without giving any spoilers, I sure hope book 2 does a complete character shift on you-know-who (NOT voldemort) because I am not pleased with the way the love interest was hinted at during the end of the book. (He's such a jerk!)Overall, I am amazed by how much effort Sarah J. Maas put into constructing this story. I'm this close || to rereading the book solely to better appreciate all those little clues that I must have passed over. So, if you pick this up and just aren't feeling it - \n\nkeep reading\n\n - trust me. The Finer Books Club - 2018 Reading Challenge: A book recommended by a friendYouTube | Blog | Instagram | Twitter | Facebook | Snapchat @miranda_readsShow more"", ""I approached this book with an open mind and wanted to enjoy it. Despite not being a fan of the superfluous writing style or the lackluster world-building, I was still willing to rate it 3 stars by viewing it as an easy guilty pleasure romance book. The relationship seems harmless and I still don't see how it's as problematic as people dramatize it to be. The first half of the book is a standard Beauty and the Beast retelling — not awful, but not special either — and then the second half really dips in quality, which lowered my rating to 2 stars. A couple glaring issues that stood out to me:1) The background story of the curse is literally told instead of shown via a side character's lengthy monologue. This was disappointing since I was intrigued to find this out by piecing clues together, not by being told it straightforwardly like a regurgitated wikipedia article.2) The main character seems relatively smart but consistently has leaps of logic that are clearly there for the sake of plot. 9 out of 10 times she won't follow the advice of another character.3) The antagonist is SO cartoonish — like mustache-twirling cartoonish. She gives a bunch of arbitrary challenges and rules for no reason other than for the sake of stringing along a story. It feels like she's hosting a game show or some overly complex scavenger hunt. There's no reason why she'd bother setting up any of these superfluous rules. I think this is the worst antagonist I've ever read.I'm willing to overlook the writing style and bland romance, but once I got to the part where Feyre answers the riddle, I had to drop it down to 2 stars because it was so ridiculous and lazy. I've heard that the sequel is much better though, so I am willing to give it another try, just not any time soon haha.Show more"", ""4.5 stars Tamlin is going to set your loins aflame. Phew! My cheeks are still flushed. I'm also fairly confident this book is going to help change the face of new adult fiction. How awesome to see gifted writers shaping non-contemporary stories that have the coming of age/youthful perspective and vibe of YA books and combine that with the freedom that writing for an older target audience affords them. If you liked the mood and romance of (the excellent) CRUEL BEAUTY but perhaps mourned the missed opportunities of such a seductive premise, ACOTAR more than satisfies.  BITE MY NECK SOME MORE, SIR. Plus stunning action and gorgeous imagery and interesting characters, including a fascinating anti-hero I'm looking forward to learning more about. Serious Darkling vibes, my friends. Maybe more of a review closer to release. If I can calm my racing pulse before then. Show more"", 'SPOILER FREE REVIEW: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Psls2...*Reread April 2016Took me centuries to reread this but it was worth it!TEAM TAMLIN THIS WAS FABULOUSs j maas can do no wrong i swear to god Show more', ""This was a solid start to this new series! I'm really interested to see where things go. I did find a few things to be a bit questionable, but I can't say what they are because HELLO SPOILERS. I'll be doing a full review/discussion on this sooooooon! "", 'wow. Just wow. Sarah has done it again! This book was amazing! The romance was borderline new adult which I loved but it was also greatly paced. The plot was so well thought out and executed as well. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND A COURT OF THORNS AND ROSES!', 'OOOoOOOOOh sooooOOooooo gooooOOOOoooddd', ""Really enjoyed this one! Here's my booktalk: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8pLYC..."", ""i'm just gonna stick with my 2017 rating. i am a girl of simple, slutty tastes."", ""I take back every bad thing I've said about Rhys."", 'rhys really just said: i could be a better boyfriend than him', 'this is howl’s moving castle fanfiction and no one can convince me otherwise ', ""4.45/5 ⭐Full review on my Blog: The Dacian She-Wolf 🐺\nThis book’s mood song match – Fix You by Coldplay\nmum: *enters kitchen at 3 am* What the hell are you doing?me: *with a bowl of ice cream in one hand and ACOTAR in the other* I'm starting another SJM seriesmum: Hang on, I have a bottle of vodka here somewhere*And if this is not some relatable shit when facing Sarah J. Maas’s books then I don’t know what to tell you anymore. You puzzle me.So, there you go – another great universe erected by SJM just in front of our humble eyes. She is building her own fucking multiverse and we are here to witness the power of a goddess at work. I will make three sacrifices for that.This is, so far, for me, the best Beauty and the Beast reimagination.HER EXECUTION STYLE IS THE AIR TO MY LUNGS.And this one is not even the best of her works.\n“Magic – everything was magic, and it broke my heart.”\nMainly, our action is happening at the Spring Court where our main character finds herself in front of a new intriguing life. Or at least as intriguing as a Court of flowery gardens can be.As I always say about SJM’s books, the characters are the ones who make the action. It’s like they are the very engine of a plot.I kind of like Feyre. She definitely has her own personal issues, mainly because she is broken and lonely and desperate to beat her status. She is human and miserable, mainly because her family is horrible. Her whole family was created to look like the typical fairytale family – an absent coward of a father, an uninterested mother, a sister full of wicked hatred and another one caught up in her own world, sensitive and naïve. Until her sisters do something worthy of my affection, I ain’t changing my mind about them.Lucien (the Emissary of the Spring Court), I must say, I liked from the very beginning, but he somehow managed to grow on me. There was something likeable about him at first and he only proved that to me more as the action went on.Tamlin, the High Lord of the Spring Court, on the other hand, seemed a bit stiff the whole book, even though I sometimes appreciated the occasional softness of his heart.But full-on honesty now – the best thing about this book, the one thing that made it 110% better was Rhysand. He won for this book a full star from me with all of his domineering prick moves. He played the bad boy role so good that my traitorous heart enjoyed him whole. I might have a problem but oh, what a perfect problem he is.\n“His voice was a lover’s purr that sent shivers through me, caressing every muscle and bone and nerve.”\nSexy.Rhysand and Feyre certainly have a sort of total chemistry that it seems Feyre doesn’t have with Tamlin; not even after they supposedly fell in love with each other. I don’t buy that love for more than a second and by the end when everything seemed to try to make me believe their relationship I was still not convinced.I recognise fabulous chemistry when I see one and that ain’t it. Rhysand, you’d better act up, love, I have expectations. You’re more than just a cruel, beautiful ruffian, I know it.There’s a certain cruelty in this book, so very Maas. I sometimes feel like I’m reading the words of a psychopath, but then I remind myself how much I enjoy this cruelty in these books and I temperate myself.That crazy wretch Amarantha is definitely the embodiment of cold murder and torture in this book and this is visible when it comes to how much her actions affect the other characters’ moods and movements. It’s terribly interesting though to see how terrified all of them can become when facing her.But by the end, there was this sliver of hope that lingered. And that broke the evil to pieces.\n“This wasn’t music to dance to – it was music to worship, music to feel in the gaps of my soul, to bring me to a place where there was no pain.”\nEven though I think this is not the best of SJM’s works, I still believe is so very good that just makes you want to know more. It leaves you craving. And in my humble opinion, that’s a bonus factor in books.All and all, my first step into the ACOTAR universe has been a success. More steps to come. Until I fall in love. Wholly and irrevocably.Show more"", 'First read: May 2015Second read: May 2016Third read: April 2017Fourth read: February 2018Fifth read: June 2019 — I think this is my most read series alongside Harry Potter and Mistborn. Sixth reread: Feb 2021Every reread of this book has somewhat differed but nothing too drastic. It’s still my least favourite in the series. There’s nostalgia involved since this was my first book by Sarah J Maas. I’ve become really familiar with these books now. Or maybe I should say attached. It’s a great Beauty and the Beast retelling. It’s a great setup for the books to come, especially where Feyre is concerned and her character development, which is where Maas excels at. I quite frankly hated how loyal Feyre was to her family, though it’s understandable. But it’s this level of loyalty without any concern for her own well-being that leads to her downfall. Her loyalty to Tamlin when it came to the events that happen towards the end of the book destroy her. It was uncomfortable to read and see Feyre come to this realisation herself. This seems to straddle the line of YA and NA fantasy, which is why I’m assuming the world-building feels so lacklustre and at times juvenile. Amarantha read like a spoiled child. I just didn’t care for the magic and world-building in this book. Thank the stars this improves leaps and bounds in the sequels. Everything improves drastically in the sequels. Show more', ""4.8/5 Stars ⭐️ ⭐️ ⭐️ ⭐️ ⭐️“Don't feel bad for one moment about doing what brings you joy.” I'm speechless. What am I supposed to say after this? Am I supposed to write a coherent review with vital points as to why this book WAS FUCKING AMAZING??? I CAN'T EVEN TALK RIGHT NOW I'M SPEECHLESS. I WANT THE SECOND BOOK IN MY HANDS BUT MY ORDER STILL HASN'T COME. I'M READY TO GO TO FUCKING ENGLAND MYSELF AND PURCHASE IT. KIDS I'M LITERALLY DYING HERE. The Beauty and the Beast-esque fantasy drama tells the story of Feyre, who finds herself entwined with faeries after unknowingly killing one. When the 19-year-old huntress kills a wolf in the woods, a beast-like creature arrives to demand retribution for it. Dragged to a treacherous magical land she only knows about from legends, Feyre discovers that her captor is not an animal, but Tamlin, one of the lethal, immortal faeries who once ruled their world. Feyre must find a way to stop it or doom Tamlin and his world forever.I'm not a fantasy fan. I love fantasy in film and tv but not in books. I picked up this book cause I wanted to use it for my thesis for uni (don't even ask) and now after I graduated I decided to give it a go. My favorite genres to read are historical fiction and contemporary, and fantasy falls on a very different category. But the fantasy in this book man... it gripped me tight and didn't let me go.First I started off this book a bit confused. The language confused me a bit, the terms, all the information. I'm reading books in English while my native language is Greek so fantasy fell a bit harsh on me. As I said, I'm not a fantasy fan, and with fantasy comes many weird words and shit like that. But I kept going and after a while I got used to everything and started to enjoy the plot and the characters. I enjoyed very much the factor that there weren't many characters in this book. I don't like when a book is crowded with characters, it doesn't give me the space to love them all. This book succeeded in making all the characters lovable for me... even Rhysand. I fucking love Rhysand man. Unexpected feelings happening.The world Sarah J. Maas created is so rich and dark and gloomy but also happy and hopeful and full of light, I truly enjoyed reading about it. I always get bored, to be honest, with descriptions and politics of different worlds but this one excited me. Even the fucking politics were exciting. I want to delve more into this world wHEN MY FUCKING BOOK ARRIVES.Now to the juicy shit... the romance. Holy fucking shit. I ship these two so hard I can't even breathe. When he sent her away I wanted to scream! He gave her a good fucking and left her hanging. Why am I laughing at this? But honestly, the romance was amazing. At first, I felt like the entire book was only gonna be about the romance and I didn't quite enjoy that but after all the revelations and the twists in the plot, the romance was used wisely. And I didn't expect that, because I have heard lots of things about this book. And now we have Rhysand... this dark, handsome motherfucker who has a gloomy past. This will become a triangle, I can feel it in my bones. But I'm here for it, for some reason. I love the heat Maas's romances convey in me.To sum it all up, this book took me a while to get into but it was all worth it. Maybe after this book I will start reading more fantasy. Maybe. Maybe not. As I'm waiting for the sequel to arrive, I will drawn my sorrow into crying about how amazing this first book was. Or maybe reread some parts. Maybe. Anyway, till the next one K BYE!!!Show more"", '2.5 StarsOnce again, I find myself the odd man out when it comes to a massively popular book...I went into this really excited and and really wanting to love this thing. After seeing this book and its successors paint my feed with its courts and thorns and wings and ruin, I knew there was a lot of hype surrounding this series in general.And this first installment just didn\'t live up to it for me, sadly. There, there, Court Thornians... Quite frankly, the first 60% of this book dragged like a U-Haul trailer with no wheels. Nothing really happened and the things that did didn\'t even make sense until after the book was over. And I\'m just not a fan of that. I like to enjoy books while I\'m reading them, not only for the last 25-35% when everything that was murky throughout the whole book becomes clear. I also found myself WAY more interested in Rhysand than the actual love interest, Tamlin. Whoops!THAT SAID.I did enjoy the writing and the ending.And while those things aren\'t enough to prompt me to rate this thing any higher, I AM going to read the second book. I trust my peeps and all of you are saying that, while the first book drags, the second book is ""OMG amazeballs."" And I have faith in ya\'ll.Plus, I am getting it free from the library, so why not, no? \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nShow more', 'Another day, another SJM reread to escape reality.', 'I’m a second away from dousing myself in gasoline and lighting myself on fire just so I never have to look at this book again.', 'SARAH J MAAS DOES IT AGAIN!!!! KNOCKED MY FREAKING SOCKS OFF AND WITH A STORY RE-TELLING?!!!!I hate story re-tellings!!! I hate them but this, this master piece is no Beauty and the Beast. I\'m just gonna jump right into everything and just a little warning: I\'m so sorry if this seems like I\'m frantically flapping around on my keyboard, but I\'m just that excited. I was so worried that this book would have a plot too close to Throne of Glass and that the characters would also bare that same fate... But thank the literary gods above that didn\'t happen. Yes, Maas still gives us swoon worthy gents and a strong leading fem, but they are not at all like the cast of ToG. Our leading lass is Feyre, and man oh man did I love her. I loved that though she is strong she isn\'t doing it for herself or because that\'s who she is, she\'s doing to because it\'s what needs to be done. This is what made her character for me. She does everything for everyone and expects nothing in return. Her character starts as a strong huntress and turns into something more. She has the head strong will of a warrior and the heart of an artist. I loved that Maas gave her so much depth and let us get so deep into her brain that her feelings become your feelings. As for Feyre\'s love interested she gives us the heart twist-swoon worthy-deep-thoughtful-man candy that is Tamlin. Oh Tamlin will have you weak in the knees and have your loins aflame (seriously blushed so much during this book). He literately has so much weight on his shoulders and still stands tall. He is willing to give up everything to make sure shes okay. I kid y\'all not I never ever use the word ""ship"" for couples, but as they say there\'s a first for everything and.... I SHIP THEM!!! I SHIP THEM SO HARD! YOU SEE THAT SPOT OVER THERE IN THE DISTANCE THAT IS THEIR SHIP AND IT IS SAILING!!! \n\nCan\'t stress enough how much I loved their relationship. I love that this book is based around it and its growth. They have such a push and pull. I love that one has everything and one is holding on to anything. How they play off each other is so well written. Also had my brain rocked by how Maas stepped up her sexy game in this book... Because its like a sauna in there! Whoosh so good! *Round of applause* .The sub characters like the rest of the story are so well done. Lucien, Tam\'s best friend, has got to be one of my favorites in this book. His loyalty won me over. Plus he isn\'t so bad on the eyes if ya get what I mean... At one point I even remember saying ""I don\'t know who I like more Teen Wolf or the Sexy Fox with one eye""... Yeah, Maas makes having one eye even sound hot! The evil Queen in this book was the perfect amount of mystery and you will hate her. And then there\'s Rhysand... There\'s not much I\'ll say about him, but what I will say is that even when Maas gives you characters you\'re suppose to hate you still end up falling in love with them.“Be glad of your human heart, Feyre. Pity those who don’t feel anything at all.” The plot and world building in this book are so beyond what a lot of other authors would have given us. There are so many vivid details, so many beautifully painted scenes, and so many perfectly peeled layers. I was never once left to question what the world looked like (or characters), and I was thankful for this. Sometimes I do like to fill in the holes with my own ideas but not when it comes to high fantasy reads like this one. The plot is action packed. We have this heavy start to the book, a world building middle, and a jam slammed action packed ending. Because let me tell you when everything comes together and everything is slowly shown you will be tossing your book in the air or punching your kindles in their faces... You will freak out! It\'s like the end scene to Inception where that heavy DOM DOM music starts playing and the dream is collapsing and everything just falls together for this epic ending! Even the things you know are coming will still rock you to your bones. Maas gives you this heart filled, gut wrenching, wtf ending that I myself couldn\'t of been happier about. I ate this story up!!!! The plot is just as strong as the characters, and I\'m so glad this wasn\'t a let down. Maas perfectly blends both the YA and NA worlds into this one book. This is a book that will make your heart race and make you want to lose those precise few hours of sleep just to snag a few more chapters... And it\'ll be worth it too!A Court of Thorns and Roses was the tits.Originally read April 2015 Re-read April 2016Re-read July 2022Show more', 'Feyre in Faerieland.  In the Mortal Lands, young Feyre accidentally kills a Fae while hunting in the woods to feed her desperately starving family. By Treaty Laws Feyre’s fate is now forfeit and must surrender the remainder of her life to Prythian, the magical Kingdom of the Faeries, where not so long ago, humans were enslaved and killed purely for sport.Finally I can see what all the hype was about! Sadly I cannot say this was one of my personal favorites, but I do think much of the books praising is very well deserved. It takes its time for things to finally start happening, but after a certain point the plot becomes quite engaging and gripping. Superb worldbuilding and character development. For some reason I couldn’t deeply connect with Feyre and that made everything else somewhat lacking. That said, I must say I really enjoyed pretty much most of all of the other characters. Unlikable at first, but changed over time. I specially loved the unfolding relationship with Nesta, and highly enjoyed all the banter with Lucien and Alis; and even Rhys sometimes. The slow burn with Tamlin was amazing; and I must confess the enemy to lover trope always gets my motor running. Not to mention, enemies to friends with almost everyone else lol. I’m left with a plentiful amount of quotes and moments to remember by. Feyre is certainly one tough cookie, and hopefully I can grow to like her more during the rest of the series. Or less?By all accounts, a must read fantasy book. If only to see what all the fuss is about. And I can definitely see it becoming a movie or mini-series sometime soon.-----------------------------------------------\nPERSONAL NOTE\n: [2015] [448p] [3.5] [Fantasy] [Almost Fav] [Recommendable] [Distrustful Feyre] [Mighty Tamlin] [Unpredictable Lucien] [Snappy Alis] [Stonehearted Nesta] [Chaotic Good Rhys] [TW: Excessive purring][""Take this knife Feyre. Please don’t bury it in my back.""] [I thought the answer to the riddle was LUCK. Clearly I suck at riddles.]  -----------------------------------------------Feyre en Hadalandia.  En las Tierras Mortales, la joven Feyre accidentalmente mata un Hada mientras cazaba en los bosques para alimentar a su desesperadamente hambrienta familia. Por las Leyes del Tratado, el destino de Feyre queda sellado y debe entregar el resto de su vida a Prythian, el mágico Reino de las Hadas, donde no hace mucho los humanos eran esclavizados y asesinados sólo por deporte.¡Finalmente puedo ver de qué se trataba todo el escándalo! Lamentablemente no puedo decir que ésta fue una de mis lecturas favoritas, pero sí creo que muchas de las alabanzas de este libro son muy bien merecidas. Se toma su tiempo para que las cosas finalmente empiecen a suceder, pero alcanzado cierto punto la trama se vuelve muy atractiva y atrapante. Magnífica construcción de mundo y desarrollo de personajes. Por alguna razón no pude conectar profundamente con Feyre y eso hizo que todo lo demás se volviera algo faltante. Dicho eso, debo decir que realmente disfruté mucho de casi todos los demás personajes. Desagradables al principio, pero que cambió con el tiempo. Especialmente amé como se desenvolvió la relación con Nesta, y altamente disfruté casi todas las interacciones con Lucien y Alis; y hasta Rhys a veces. El ardor lento con Tamlin fue espectacular; y debo confesar que el tropo enemigo a amante siempre hace arrancar mi motor. Sin mencionar, enemigos a amigos con casi todos los demás jaja. Me quedo con una abundante cantidad de citas y momentos para el recuerdo. Feyre es ciertamente una galletita dura, y con suerte tal vez pueda llegar a quererla más durante el resto de la serie. ¿O menos?A todas cuentas, una lectura debida de fantasía. Aunque sólo sea para averiguar de qué trata todo el alboroto. Y definitivamente puedo verla convirtiéndose en una película o serie en un futuro cercano.-----------------------------------------------\nNOTA PERSONAL\n: [2015] [448p] [3.5] [Fantasía] [Casi Fav] [Recomendable] [Desconfiada Feyre] [Poderoso Tamlin] [Impredecible Lucien] [Enérgica Alis] [Descorazonada Nesta] [Caótico Bueno Rhys] [TW: Excesivo ronroneo][""Tomá este cuchillo Feyre. Por favor no lo entierres en mi espalda.”] [Creía que la respuesta al acertijo era SUERTE. Claramente apesto para acertijos.]  -----------------------------------------------Show more', '\n“I wasn’t faerie, but I was a part of this earth, and the earth was a part of me, and I would be content to dance upon it for the rest of my life.”\n        ~3.5 stars~ACOTAR was nothing short of a delightful enigma, there was so much in this novel that I adored and some things that I wish were better. It blew me all the way away and left me wanting more of its glorious world and even mightier characters. note: copyright of all fanart goes to their amazing artists_______________\nThe Land of The Fae\nSo not only was this my first SJM book but it was also my first book solely based around Fae! (For the hardcore faerie fans out there, I\'ll send you the address of the rock I\'ve been living under alongside an apology note.) BUT, in my defense I think this was probably the best book to start in order to both understand and learn to love the creatures. Beauty and the Beast has long been a Disney favourite of mine and the lush scenery as well as the lyrical writing in this novel made me swoon everytime I understood a faint reference and had me at the edge of my seat everytime it diverged from the classic tale. \n\n “Beauty didn’t mean anything in the forest.”\n\n To be completely honest, the latter 25% of the book was a solid 4 stars for me and the beginning was bordering a 3. This was really down to the fact that I wanted more to happen. The pacing felt jolting at times and often I felt the storyline had assets that seemed unnecessary to the higher plot. I disliked that almost everything was revealed during the last 15% of the book. The infodump was overwhelming and I wish it had been spaced out a tad more cleverly. Regardless, I loved the mysterious and wicked atmosphere paired with some fantastic characters and plot twists. Prythian is both dangerous and sultry, from its curses, royalty, and magical beasts. From trusted reviewers and friends, I\'ve been advised that the second book deserves all the stars and more, so I\'m definitely reading that next!  \nThe Characters \nThe characters drove the story for me, at least more than the actual plot. For once in a YA/NA fantasy novel, (this is definitely New Adult but has been advertised as Young Adult which is a controversy in itself) I liked the main heroine! Feyre was like a breath of fresh air. I enjoyed her stubbornness and maturity, I like that she made mistakes but knew where and when she was in the wrong. I also loved that she was portrayed as strong and un-doormaty... Yes, she has her flaws but I\'m not going to complain when we finally have a 19-year old hardworking main character that believes in her values and develops through the book. The side characters (Lucien, Rhysand and Alis) stole the show for me. My heart went out for them. I am definitely Team Rhysand but I\'ll get into that later ;) I felt like the dynamic between the courts and the tension from the ""blight"" was written really well. I followed with the backstory and the history of Prythian throughout the novel and I honestly fell for each character\'s story arc. Lucien has a heart of gold and Rhysand is a walking, talking stick of ego that somehow has something soft within him. Alis was my own Mrs. Potts, with her charm and blunt personality and I never felt like any of the chapters that they were in were filler chapters. Towards the end, I started getting giddy whenever Rhysand was in a chapter... (Tamlin is very irrelevant to me... but I\'ve got a whole ass section for him coming) \n\n“Can faeries be friends with mortals?”“Five hundred years ago, enough faeries were friends with mortals that they went to war on their behalf.”\n\n One of the only parts that actually made me tear up slightly was a scene between Nesta (Feyre\'s sister) and Feyre during the second-half of the story. Nesta seems like she\'s going to have the biggest character development arc and I am here for it. Lil\' cold-hearted ice queen is ready to be thawed out! \nThe Romance \nI dislike Tamlin. There are so many reviews that I have read now and posts where people have mocked themselves for liking Tamlin in the beginning and I kinda feel left out. But no. From the minute Feyre was held captive in his manor, there was something about his character that I couldn\'t settle with. He was unnerving and uncomfortable in his scenes. Some of his dialogue between Feyre and him had me cringing at the lack of chemistry. So, I can\'t tell you how relieved I was when I felt sparks between Rhysand and Feyre.  Throughout the novel, my experience with the romance was dull. It felt forced and alarming at times. Tamlin was also the only character I felt that had no true personality... I wanted to go with the whole ""captor with a heart, knight in shining armor"" vibe that the story was trying to go for but I just felt like this man was taking advantage of the entire situation. He does. \n\n“It took me a long while to realize that Rhysand, whether he knew it or not, had effectively kept me from shattering completely.”\n\nDon\'t get me wrong, the situation with Rhysand and Feyre echoes shades of romanticized trickery as well, (I see this as a little bit of a dark romance that hopefully blooms in the next book) but I enjoyed that Feyre stuck to her own during her time Under The Mountain. I was actually quite sad when this book ended because it felt like I finished a journey in this new world. I\'m so ready for ACOMAF, it\'s actually embarrassing at this point. \n\n““Why are you here, then?”The man’s remarkable eyes seemed to glow—with enough of a deadly edge that I backed up a step. “Because all the monsters have been let out of their cages tonight, no matter what court they belong to. So I may roam wherever I wish until the dawn.””\n\n\nPre-review \n your girl is finally bracing her first SJM book... i was promised that my crops would be thriving, my skin would be clear, my vision would be 20/20 and my heart would be full. i expect nothing less.     ©Show more', ""This is definitely one of my favorite books of 2015! I am a huge Beauty and the Beast fan and was in the mood for fantasy, so those combined and written by one of my favorite authors was perfection! I definitely recommend this book to everyone and can't wait for the next installment. Show more"", 'Oh my God I want to cry this was so bad and that cringey Tamlin made me want to double cry.""I was as unburdened as a piece of dandelion fluff, and he was the wind that stirred me about the world.”\xa0Get outta here, dumbass.Show more', ""”You murdered my friend,” the beast snarled. “Murdered him, skinned his corpse, sold it at the market, and then said he deserved it, and yet you have the nerve to question my generosity?”When I first read “A Court of Thorns and Roses” I thought that this would be some sort of “The Beauty and the Beast” retelling and I guess in some way it truly is. Well, at least at first it seems to be one, the longer you read, the more it goes into an entirely different direction though.And I think it was exactly that kind of change of direction that actually got me hooked in the end. I mean I like “The Beauty and the Beast” stories but boy, did I live and breathe for this story that didn’t only feature faeries but also magic and cruel villains! So yes, when I first read ACOTAR I got lost in its universe and rushed through it, always eager to find out more and to continue with Feyre’s journey.It was only after I finished the last book, that I realized how fast I’d been paging through the entire series and by then it was already too late to savour it properly. Needless to say that I was sad it was over, also needless to say that I wanted to do a reread of it one day. *lol*So two years later I found myself sitting down with ACOTAR once again, and tell you what? It was even better this second time around! It was so damn good to read about my favourite characters and it almost felt like coming home! Plus the foreboding!!! Seriously, how did I even miss all those clues and hints when I read it for the very first time?! There were so many things that made a whole lot more sense than they did before and I was in awe at how well Sarah J. Maas wove all those details in her storyline. Also the ending! I’ll never get over that ending!\nNEVER!\nNo matter how often I read this book that moment on the last page!? Wow, just wow! T_TThis said I enjoyed this reread immensely and I really can’t wait to continue with ACOMAF soon! It was my favourite book out of this series and I’m sure I’ll find even more interesting details when I read it again! XDWell, enough of my impending future reread! Let’s head to my character section instead! ;-)The characters:\nYou are now entering Prythian and if you decide to continue your journey into the Spring Court you’ll be gifted with thousands and thousands of spoilers and thorns! Believe me and take my word for it. I mean faeries can’t lie and always tell the truth, right? ;-P\nFeyre:”Because I wouldn’t want to die alone,” I said, and my voice wobbled as I looked at Tamlin again, forcing myself to meet his stare. “Because I’d want someone to hold my hand until the end, and awhile after that. That’s something everyone deserves, human or faerie.”Wow, I totally forgot how much I liked Feyre at the beginning of this series. I loved that fierce girl that would do everything for her loved ones and even had the guts to kill a wolf she suspected to be a faerie! XD I mean she didn’t know for certain but it definitely didn’t stop her from shooting that fateful arrow! Still, considering how her family treated her I can’t help but think that she’s a saint! She tried to keep them alive and all they did was to sneer at her or to spend all the precious money she earned. No wonder that girl is so insecure and distrustful, no wonder she was afraid of Tamlin and Lucien. No matter how scared she was, she never let it get in her way though. Her fear didn’t paralyze her but drove her and I loved that about her character! <3 Plus she’s shrewd and clever! And defiant! Did I already mention how much I adore her for that? So yes, I loved the Feyre of book one and I’m kinda curious how I’ll feel about her in book two. ”I took a few running steps and hurled the bone at her with all my remaining strength. It embedded itself in the mud at her feet, splattering filth onto her white gown, and remained there, quivering.””Kill a faerie, fall in love with a faerie, then be forced to kill a faerie to keep that love. It was brilliant and cruel, and she knew it.””You went after me,” I said. “You went after me – to Prythian.”“I got to the wall. I couldn’t find a way through.”I raised a shaking hand to my throat. “You trekked two days there and two days back – through the winter woods?” Tamlin:”I was a child at the time, too young to understand what was happening – or even to be told,” he said. A child. Which meant he had to be over… “But had I been old enough, I would have. Against slavery, against tyranny, I would gladly go to my death, no matter whose freedom I was defending.”LIAR, LIAR, PANTS ON FIRE!!! URGH! I can’t say how sick this moment made me! Seriously, when I read the book for the very first time I actually believed him, but damn reading it for a second time I realized how stupid I was. I mean for some reason I was never happy with Tamlin as a love interest for Feyre, not even when I read ACOTAR for the first time, I could never pinpoint the reason for it though. XD Oh well, I certainly don’t have that problem anymore. Doing a reread of this book I finally realized the many things I never truly liked about him. For instance his cold distance, his controlling behaviour and how he could say sentences like the one above when every freaking Court of Prythian except of his own was enslaved to Amarantha! He was old enough to fight her now but he was still indifferent!! All those other High Lords felt lonely too, Tamlin! They hoped that you would break the curse! And boy, I bet they had way worse days than you over those last fifty years!!!!They freaking DAMN WELL KNOW how it feels to care for their people when they are slaughtered and tortured in front of them!!! ADKFLASKDFSAKADKSK! So NOPE! Just nope! I get that he had a lot of weight on his shoulders, I get that he felt lonely, I get that he didn’t want Feyre to die, but he should have tried to do something. To manipulate Amarantha. I mean he didn’t even try that. He just flat out refused her! Which is stupid on so many levels…. Anyway I could go on and on but I’ll leave it at that! #I’llNeverBeAFanOfTamlin and I stand by it. ”But they never understood. What it was like, what it is like, for me to care for my people, my lands. What scars are still there, what the bad days feel like.” Lucien:”In lieu of a pretty breakfast table by the window, a worn worktable dominated the space, covered in various weapons. It was there he sat, wearing only a white shirt and trousers, his red hair unbound and gleaming like liquid fire. Tamlin’s court-trained emissary, but a warrior in his own right.”LUCIEN!!! My precious tender autumn leave!!! Gosh, I love him even more after rereading ACOTAR! <333 This man is honourable and strong and a true friend and no matter what others think about him, I still believe that he’s amazing! I’ll never understand why he gets so much hate from the fans because let’s face it, aside from Rhys he was Feyre’s only true friend!! He’s always honest and he says exactly what he thinks! Even if it’s to his detriment like when he told Amarantha to go back to her shit-hole! In contrast to Tamlin he had the guts to stand up to Amarantha and yes, he paid dearly for it, but he gave her a piece of his mind and I think Feyre and him are quite similar in that regard. *lol* AND this boy has compassion, fire and snark! Plus he’s a faithful soul! If you ask me he’s way more attractive than Tamlin and I for my part would love nothing more than to get burned by those hot autumn flames. *wriggles eyebrows* *LOL* I just hope Sarah won’t ruin him even more in the books that follow after the ACOTAR series because he definitely deserves better than that!! <333 You hear me, Sarah? Please give my boy a Happy Ever After! ”I heard you scream,” he said as I examined the blade in my hands. I’d never held one so finely crafted, so perfectly balanced. “And I hesitated. Not long, but I hesitated before I came running. Even though Tam got there in time, I still broke my word in those seconds I waited.” He jerked his chin at the knife. “It’s yours. Don’t bury it in my back, please.””Lucien told her to go back to the shit-hole she’d crawled out of. She took his eye as punishment. Carved it out with her own fingernail, then scarred his face. She sent him back so bloody that Tamlin… The High Lord vomited when he saw his friend.””I risked my neck for you during your task. Was that not enough?” His metal eye whirred softly. “You offered up your name for me – after all that I said to you, all I did, you still offered up your name. Didn’t you realize I would help you after that? Oath or no oath?”Rhysand:”I stepped out of the shelter of my saviour’s arm and turned to thank him.Standing before me was the most beautiful man I’d ever seen.”Ohhh Rhys! Haha! Next to Lucien he was definitely my second favourite character of this book! I already loved him when I read ACOTAR for the first time and nothing changed. I know so many people were angry at him for using Feyre and even more of them said that he’s an asshole, but what can I say? I like dark, mysterious, assholes? *LOL* When everyone was charmed by Tamlin and despised Rhys, he had already won my heart. XD And seriously, if you read the book carefully you can see through his disguise. Ironically Tamlin is the one wearing the obvious mask but in fact it’s Rhys who’s hiding behind one. Which only makes him even more lovable because every now and then it slips and we’re able to see the true High Lord! Behind that cunning and cruel mind there is a very decent person and everyone who doesn’t see this is blinded by Tamlin’s white teeth! *lol* Just saying! XD I mean even Feyre noticed that there’s more behind Rhys actions and half of the time she was severely wounded, having a fever or under the influence of drugs! XD So yeah! I love that scheming mind and I can’t wait to see more of it in ACOMAF! ”His clothes – all black, all finely made – were cut close enough to his body that I could see how magnificent he was. As if he’d been molded from the night itself.””Because,” he went on, his eyes locked with mine. “I didn’t want you to fight alone. Or die alone.””Be glad of your human heart, Feyre. Pity those who don’t feel anything at all.”The relationships & ships:Feyre & Tamlin:”You gave up so much for them.” He lifted his other hand as if to brush my cheek. I braced myself for the touch, but he lowered it before making contact. “Do you ever know how to laugh?”I didn’t feel this romance… at all! I already didn’t feel it when I read ACOTAR for the first time and I didn’t now. Those two just don’t have any chemistry! Their sweet moments weren’t even exciting or anything, but then again I think that this might have been Sarah’s intention all along. I dunno what it is about Sarah but you know exactly when she wants a couple to be endgame, because damn, their chemistry is always off the charts. If the couple isn’t going to have a HEA you can read it in the way she writes their sexy moments and sweet scenes. XD Or maybe it’s just my imagination? *lol* Anyway, I guess I was supposed to like them as a couple and to ship them, but I somehow never did? Plus I think their relationship never had a chance to develop. It was from “I hate you” to “I accept you” and then they were suddenly in love. I guess from Feyre’s POV it made sense, she’s young and unexperienced and Tamlin was the first guy who was nice to her and her first love. I somehow never felt that dedication from Tamlin though. Yes, he tried to save her but to be fascinated by her is no real love. To me it sounded like she was something pretty he wanted to possess and that just didn’t work for me. #SorryNotSorry”Because your human joy fascinates me – the way you experience things, in your life span, so wildly and deeply and all at once, is … entrancing. I’m drawn to it, even when I know I shouldn’t be, even when I try not to be.””Stay with the High Lord, human,” the Suriel said.Feyre & Lucien:Lucien went rigid, but he hopped off the edge of the table and bowed deeply to me. ”My apologies, lady.” Another joke at my expense. “I’m Lucien. Courtier and emissary.” He gestured to me with a flourish. “Your eyes are like stars, and your hair like burnished gold.”I absolutely love and adore their friendship! I mean they start out as enemies. Feyre killed Andras and as it seems Lucien was pretty close to the sentinel so it’s understandable that he’s not only angry but also dislikes her at first. During the entire book they get to know each other better though and slowly but gradually they become friends in the end. XD At first it seems to be some sort of reluctant acceptance and acknowledgement but the longer they talk to each other the better their relationship becomes. =) And let me tell you this: They are friendship goals! There’s nothing they wouldn’t do for each other! <333 Feyre saved Lucien by giving Amarantha her name and Lucien risked everything when he healed her nose, gave her a cloak and shouted that warning at her trial! He got a lashing just for telling her where to look and if that isn’t true friendship I dunno! Plus they work so nicely together, their easy banter is hilarious and I’m glad Lucien finally found someone who’s able to keep up with him. *lol* So yes, I’m on board of this friend-ship and I love them together! Lucien sighed as he looked me over. “Do you ever stop being so serious and dull?”“Do you ever stop being such a prick?” I snapped back.Dead – really, truly, I should have been dead for that.But Lucien grinned at me. “Much better.””Faerie pig!” I yelled, and Lucien howled, almost tipping back in his chair. At the sight of Tamlin’s growing smile, I left.He used the dagger to clean his nails. “I’ve been busy. So have you, I take it.”“What’s that supposed to mean?” I demanded.“If I offer you the moon on a string, will you give me a kiss, too?”Downstairs, Lucien snorted at the sight of me. “Those clothes are enough to convince me I never want to enter the human realm.”“I’m not sure the human realm would know what to do with you,” I said. Feyre & Rhysand:”You’re going to bargain?” Rhysand laughed under his breath. “Ten days.”I held his stare with all my strength. “A week.”Rhysand was silent for a long moment, his eyes traveling across my body and my face before he murmured: “A week it is.”Okay, let me tell you this: If you didn’t notice that Rhys has a weakness for Feyre you most certainly read the book with tomatoes on your eyes. *LOL* Because no offence, but it’s obvious and plain as day! He basically protected her from the moment they first met at Calanmai and there was absolutely no reason for him to interfere! She was just a human and he’s a High Faerie, yet he stepped in KNOWING full well that Tamlin and Feyre had something going on! Calanmai was the first time he was intrigued by her and he could have easily rat her out right after that night. He didn’t though. In fact everything he did was to protect her! He protected her the moment she came to Under the Mountain and everything he did, even the colour on her body, had some reason behind it. None of his actions was arbitrary, every single move and gesture was deliberate and on purpose. And if you still don’t believe me then think about the final fight against Amarantha! Rhys was the only one who tried to stop her! He raised his hand against Amarantha because he WANTED to save Feyre and he didn’t even think about himself when he attacked her! And don’t even get me talking about the fact that Rhys stumbled, ACTUALLY STUMBLED, in the end!!! <333 I ship them! Period! XD”Don’t let her see you cry.Put your hands at your sides and stand up.I couldn’t. I couldn’t move.Stand. Don’t give her the satisfaction of seeing you break.””Why are you telling me this?”The swagger and nastiness were gone. “Because I’m tired and lonely, and you’re the only person I can talk to without putting myself at risk.””Then Rhysand was on his feet, my bloody knife in his hands. He launched himself at Amarantha, swift as a shadow, the ash dagger aimed at her throat.””His eyes locked on mine, wide and wild, and his nostrils flared. Shock – pure shock flashed across his features at whatever he saw on my face, and he stumbled back a step. Actually, stumbled.” Conclusion:If you love faerie stories and like your faeries dark, dangerous, intriguing, silver-tongued and sexy as hell then this is certainly the right book for you. Sarah J. Maas outdid herself with the ACOTAR series and this was only the start! There’s so much more to come and to look forward to and I can’t wait to reread ACOMAF and ACOWAR! If you still haven’t read this book you definitely should go and grab a copy of it. You don’t have to be a “The Beauty and the Beast” fan to read it, just start with the first page and see where it will lead you! I promise it will be an interesting journey! ;-P___________________________________PREREVIEW:*rolls up sleeves*I’m finally rereading ACOTAR and I can’t wait to dive back into this world!! I missed all those characters so much and every time I saw an update or a review I longed to read it again. >_<So here I am! Ready to reread one of my faves! And this time around there will even be a proper review! My “goodreads me” would never forgive my “pre-goodreads me” if I wouldn’t write one. *lol*Also: I might love all of those characters, but if you know me, you know which boy I want to read about the most! <333LUCIEN VANSERRA! My precious sarcastic red-head! ;-PI’m coming! <333P.S: I'm curious if my rating is going to change! *lol*Show more""]"
733,Colonization,"Originally released in installments like a traditional 1950's serial novel, this contains all the existing installments Kepler Moon Alpha, Black Hole, The Gateway, Valhalla, and Fossil.Brought to you by the author of the international bestselling novel “The Mystic Saga”. Scott McElhaney has been bringing science fiction to Kindle-readers at reasonable prices for four years now, including the bestsellers Dominion, Ghosts of Ophidian, Beyond the Event Horizon, Alastair, Erinyes, and Vestige. Over 250,000 copies have been downloaded worldwide.",2015,Scott McElhaney,6,56,425,Science Fiction,3.93,[]
734,The Mysterious Benedict Society,"""ARE YOU A GIFTED CHILD LOOKING FOR SPECIAL OPPORTUNITIES?""  When this peculiar ad appears in the newspaper, dozens of children enroll to take a series of mysterious, mind-bending tests. (And you, dear reader, can test your wits right alongside them.) But in the end just four very special children will succeed. Their challenge: to go on a secret mission that only the most intelligent and resourceful children could complete. To accomplish it they will have to go undercover at the Learning Institute for the Very Enlightened, where the only rule is that there are no rules.  As our heroes face physical and mental trials beyond their wildest imaginations, they have no choice but to turn to each other for support. But with their newfound friendship at stake, will they be able to pass the most important test of all?  WELCOME TO THE MYSTERIOUS BENEDICT SOCIETY.",2007,Trenton Lee Stewart,12760,151495,486,Mystery,4.19,[]
735,Out of My Mind,"Melody is not like most people. She cannot walk or talk, but she has a photographic memory; she can remember every detail of everything she has ever experienced. She is smarter than most of the adults who try to diagnose her and smarter than her classmates in her integrated classroom - the very same classmates who dismiss her as mentally challenged because she cannot tell them otherwise. But Melody refuses to be defined by cerebral palsy. And she's determined to let everyone know it - somehow.",2010,Sharon M. Draper,16471,147319,295,Realistic Fiction,4.36,[]
736,Runaway,"The incomparable Alice Munro’s bestselling and rapturously acclaimed Runaway is a book of extraordinary stories about love and its infinite betrayals and surprises, from the title story about a young woman who, though she thinks she wants to, is incapable of leaving her husband, to three stories about a woman named Juliet and the emotions that complicate the luster of her intimate relationships. In Munro’s hands, the people she writes about–women of all ages and circumstances, and their friends, lovers, parents, and children–become as vivid as our own neighbors. It is her miraculous gift to make these stories as real and unforgettable as our own. (back cover)RunawayChanceSoonSilencePassionTrespassesTricksPowers",2003,Alice Munro,2441,23442,335,Short Stories,3.98,[]
737,Next,"Welcome to our genetic world.Fast, furious, and out of control.This is not the world of the future --- it's the world right now.Is a loved one missing some body parts? Are blondes becoming extinct? Is everyone at your dinner table of the same species? Humans and chimpanzees differ in only 400 genes; is that why an adult human being resembles a chimp fetus? And should that worry us? There's a new genetic cure for drug addiction --- is it worse than the disease?We live in a time of momentous scientific leaps; a time when it's possible to sell our eggs and sperm online for thousands of dollars; test our spouses for genetic maladies and even frame someone for a genetic crime.We live in a time when one fifth of all our genes are owned by someone else, and an unsuspecting person and his family can be pursued cross-country because they happen to have certain valuable genes within their chromosomes ...Devilishly clever, Next blends fact and fiction into a breathless tale of a new world where nothing is what it seems, and a set of new possibilities can open at every turn. Next challenges our sense of reality and notions of morality. Balancing the comic and bizarre with the genuinely frightening and disturbing, Next shatters our assumptions, and reveals shocking new choices where we least expect.The future is closer than you think. Get used to it.",now.,Michael Crichton,3467,70666,,Fiction,3.52,[]
738,Tell the Wolves I'm Home,"In this striking literary debut, Carol Rifka Brunt unfolds a moving story of love, grief, and renewal as two lonely people become the unlikeliest of friends and find that sometimes you don't know you've lost someone until you've found them. 1987. There's only one person who has ever truly understood fourteen-year-old June Elbus, and that's her uncle, the renowned painter Finn Weiss. Shy at school and distant from her older sister, June can only be herself in Finn's company; he is her godfather, confidant, and best friend. So when he dies, far too young, of a mysterious illness her mother can barely speak about, June's world is turned upside down. But Finn's death brings a surprise acquaintance into June's life—someone who will help her to heal, and to question what she thinks she knows about Finn, her family, and even her own heart. At Finn's funeral, June notices a strange man lingering just beyond the crowd. A few days later, she receives a package in the mail. Inside is a beautiful teapot she recognizes from Finn's apartment, and a note from Toby, the stranger, asking for an opportunity to meet. As the two begin to spend time together, June realizes she's not the only one who misses Finn, and if she can bring herself to trust this unexpected friend, he just might be the one she needs the most. An emotionally charged coming-of-age novel, Tell the Wolves I'm Home is a tender story of love lost and found, an unforgettable portrait of the way compassion can make us whole again.",2012,Carol Rifka Brunt,15425,137331,360,Fiction,4.03,[]
739,Beautiful Darkness,"Fall under the spell of the Beautiful Darkness, the sequel to the instant NYT bestselling gothic fantasy, Beautiful Creatures!

There were no surprises in Gatlin County. At least, that's what I thought. Turns out, I couldn't have been more wrong.Ethan Wate used to think of Gatlin as a place where nothing ever changed. Then mysterious newcomer Lena Duchannes revealed a secret world of curses and Supernaturals with terrifying abilities. Lena showed him a Gatlin where impossible, magical, life-altering events happen. Sometimes life-ending.And now that Ethan's eyes have been opened to the darker side of Gatlin, there's no going back. Haunted by strange visions only he can see, Ethan is pulled deeper into his town's tangled history and finds himself caught up in the dangerous network of underground passageways endlessly crisscrossing the South, where nothing is as it seems.",2010,Kami Garcia,7217,133255,503,Fantasy,3.83,[]
740,Grave Peril,"An alternative cover edition with a different page count exists here.Harry Dresden - WizardLost Items Found. Paranormal Investigations. Consulting. Advice. Reasonable Rates. No Love Potions, Endless Purses, or Other Entertainment.Harry Dresden has faced some pretty terrifying foes during his career. Giant scorpions. Oversexed vampires. Psychotic werewolves. It comes with the territory when you're the only professional wizard in the Chicago-area phone book.But in all Harry's years of supernatural sleuthing, he's never faced anything like this: The spirit world has gone postal. All over Chicago, ghosts are causing trouble - and not just of the door-slamming, boo-shouting variety. These ghosts are tormented, violent, and deadly. Someone - or something - is purposely stirring them up to wreak unearthly havoc. But why? And why do so many of the victims have ties to Harry? If Harry doesn't figure it out soon, he could wind up a ghost himself....",2001,Jim Butcher,6609,157321,378,Fantasy,4.14,[]
741,"Crooked Letter, Crooked Letter","Tom Franklin's extraordinary talent has been hailed by the leading lights of contemporary literature—Philip Roth, Richard Ford, Lee Smith, and Dennis Lebanese. Reviewers have called his fiction “ingenious” (USA Today) and “compulsively readable” (Memphis Commercial Appeal). His narrative power and flair for characterization have been compared to the likes of Harper Lee, Flannery O'Connor, Elmore Leonard, and Cormac McCarthy. Now the Edgar Award-winning author returns with his most accomplished and resonant novel so far—an atmospheric drama set in rural Mississippi. In the late 1970s, Larry Ott and Silas ""32"" Jones were boyhood pals. Their worlds were as different as night and day: Larry, the child of lower-middle-class white parents, and Silas, the son of a poor, single black mother. Yet for a few months the boys stepped outside of their circumstances and shared a special bond. But then tragedy struck: Larry took a girl on a date to a drive-in movie, and she was never heard from again. She was never found and Larry never confessed, but all eyes rested on him as the culprit. The incident shook the county and perhaps Silas most of all. His friendship with Larry was broken, and then Silas left town.More than twenty years have passed. Larry, a mechanic, lives a solitary existence, never able to rise above the whispers of suspicion. Silas has returned as a constable. He and Larry have no reason to cross paths until another girl disappears and Larry is blamed again. And now the two men who once called each other friend are forced to confront the past they've buried and ignored for decades.",2010,Tom Franklin,5100,43176,274,Mystery,3.83,[]
742,Altered Carbon,"It's the twenty-fifth century, and advances in technology have redefined life itself. A person's consciousness can now be stored in the brain and downloaded into a new body (or ""sleeve""), making death nothing more than a minor blip on a screen. Onetime U.N. Envoy Takeshi Kovacs has been killed before, but his last death was particularly painful. Resleeved into a body in Bay City (formerly San Francisco), Kovacs is thrown into the dark heart of a shady, far-reaching conspiracy that is vicious even by the standards of a society that treats existence as something that can be bought and sold. For Kovacs, the shell that blew a hole in his chest was only the beginning.",2002,Richard K. Morgan,6702,100893,526,Science Fiction,4.04,[]
743,Shadowland,"Enter the realm of the Immortals—the #1 New York Times bestselling series that's been acclaimed as breathtaking, mesmerizing, flawless, and extraordinary.Ever and Damen have traveled through countless past lives—and fought off the world’s darkest enemies—so they could be together forever. But just when their long-awaited destiny is finally within reach, a powerful curse falls upon Damen... one that could destroy everything. Now a single touch of their hands or a soft brush of their lips could mean sudden death—plunging Damen into the Shadowland. Desperate to break the curse and save Damen, Ever immerses her herself in magick— and gets help from an unexpected source—a surfer named Jude.Although she and Jude have only just met, he feels startlingly familiar. Despite her fierce loyalty to Damen, Ever is drawn to Jude, a green-eyed golden boy with magical talents and a mysterious past. She’s always believed Damen to be her soulmate and one true love—and she still believes it to be true. But as Damen pulls away to save them from the darkness inhabiting his soul, Ever’s connection with Jude grows stronger—and tests her love for Damen like never before….",2009,Alyson Noel,2641,82069,339,Young Adult,3.66,"['\nUpdated: December 20th, 2011.\nFUCKING HELL, EVER.WHY MUST YOU MAKE THE STUPIDEST CHOICES?This book infuriated me even more than Blue Moon did. Because of the FUCKING ENDING. OH. MY. FUCKING.AAAAAGH.Blue Moon ended with her making a stupid choice.Shadowland ended with her making an even STUPIDER choice.WHY? JUST.WHY?Show more', ""The first two books of the series was entirely great. I am hoping that this one will be to, but i'm tired of seeing things get in the way of Ever and Damon"", 'This was a YA paranormal romance which carried on from the previous book.Ever was a bit of a muppet in this book, and continued to let Roman walk all over her again. I did feel sorry for her because of the way that Damen was treating her, but she didn’t seem to have learned anything from her experiences unfortunately. The storyline in this was about Ever and Damen not being able to touch, and Ever trying to look for a solution to the problem whilst Damen seemed to turn his back on her, which was a bit annoying. We also had Damen taking over care of Romy and Rayne, and Ever getting better acquainted with a book of spells. This wasn’t as good a book as the previous two in the series though.The ending to this didn’t really seem to solve anything, and in fact things just seemed to get worse. 6.5 out of 10Show more', 'What a waste of time. I spent the whole book waiting for something to happen and I don\'t feel like anything ever did. I\'m sorry, I just cannot believe Ever and Damen\'s connection and neither could I believe the connection with Jude. Roman doesn\'t even seem sinister to me anymore. It\'s like everything is coalescing into one big joke. Ever and Damen set off to find an antidote to the antidote but instead, discover that Damen has not always been the only one for Ever. She finds herself torn between Damen and the ""other man"", Jude. Damen removes himself from the situation while she figures things out and in the meantime, she accidentally aligns herself with Roman when he poisons her best friend, Haven, and Ever must decide whether to save Haven by making her immortal or letting her die but getting the antidote that they need. I\'ll let you guess what she decided. Regardless, you probably won\'t like it. I didn\'t, but I also didn\'t like the book. Because I\'m a glutton for punishment, I guess I\'ll watch for Book 4.Find my review on the next book in this series (will it ever end?) here: Dark Flame', ""I heard two different reviews about this series. A vlogger said it sucked and I generally respect her reviews. My best friend said this was his favorite series. I'm kind of paranoid when it comes to YA paranormal romance these days since I find it is full of bland or annoying female protagonists who only care about their jackass love interest. But I figured that I had no right to complain about this book when I hadn't read it myself and was basing my opinion on someone elses.' My school library only had Shadowland. Luckily I read spoilers, so I pretty much understood what was going on. It was time for me to see whether the book would be as awful as the vlogger said or wonderful as my friend said. I side with the vlogger. This book sucks. I wish I could make a funny simile stating how much this book sucks, but I can't. It plain sucks. There are two things that really irk me about this book. But first I wanted to address a little pet peeve. I hate the grammar in this book. It seems fragmented and out of place. Now to my main grievances. 1. The plot. Where the fuck is it? The summary says that a curse has fallen on Damen and now he and Ever must race to find the antidote. In the second book a rogue Immortal called Roman poisoned Damen and tricked Ever into mixing her blood into it. She and Damen can't touch now. If they do, Damen will be sent to the Shadowland, which I suppose is the Immortal version of hell. For at least 200 pages the plot is nothing but Ever trying to find a cure for Damen. I'm sorry, but what cure are you talking about?Damen's not dying or sick; he just can't touch you. That doesn't really warrant a need for a cure for me. The world will not come to an end if your boyfriend cannot touch you. But of course Ever needs Damen's touch to live, so she does stupid shit after stupid shit so she and Damen can fuck. I spent two hours reading about a girl whining because she and her boyfriend can't have sex. There were other parts of the story as well. For instance, there's a new guy named Jude who is Ever's reincarnated lover and a last minute addition to a triangle. Of course we all know Ever will not end up with Jude because these YA writers like to make the choice completely obvious and derail the healthy love interest. Since Jude is a nice, friendly, non-angsty boy, Ever obviously won't end up with him. But Damen doesn't understand that nice guys get shit, so he leaves Ever with Jude so they can sort out their long-lost business together. Of course Ever is lost without Damen and shows absolutely no interest in life, because Damen was her only reason for living. But wait! Suddenly she's getting feelings for Jude. Yeah, 3/4 into the book is not the best time for Ever to magically develop feelings for Jude. But we all know these YA heroines- they're useless without a love interest, and when one leaves, they latch onto the next hot guy. There's some other stuff as well, mostly about Ever trying to stop her aunt Sabine from dating her teacher, and Damen trying to atone for past selfishness. But the main gist is Ever trying to trick Roman into giving her the antidote and continually being a selfish dumbass. 2. My second grievance. The characters. I'm a big character reader. My writing teacher said that we should care about the characters, and I don't care about Ever. No, I do care about Ever. I despise her. Right now I'm fantasizing about magically teleporting into the book, beating her with a bat, scratching her eyes out, and then jumping on her mangled body. I'm aware it won't work because she can do some deus machina healing bullshit, but I need this stress relief. Where do I begin with Ever Bloom? She's just so unlikeable I don't know where to begin. Let's see if I can manage to write down just why she sucks. She's a brat. All she cares about is hooking up with Damen. When her aunt tells her she needs to get a job, Ever whines about it because she won't have time to find the antidote for Damen so they can fuck. Priorities, people. Ever manages to avoid the horror of working and having a life outside of Damen by going to a metaphysical bookstore where she meets the third point of the love triangle. She also doesn't want her aunt to date her teacher because it will be inconvenient for her. Ever told the teacher, Munoz, about her powers, and now she's afraid that her Sabine will find out. Of course there's no possibility that Sabine will be understanding because parents/ guardian figures never understand the protagonist. They should be dropped the second the smoldering love interest comes into play. Ever is shallow and selfish. Damen went to the Shadowlands for a brief period of time, I think. Now he's shaken up about what happened and determined to make things right. He realizes he was a selfish bastard and I applaud him for it. Ever, on the other hand, whines because Damen isn't dressing nicely anymore or driving the hot BMW. She insists that she'd love Damen no matter what, but she admits that she was initially attracted to him because he was rich. Shallow bitch. She spends a good bit of time complaining because Damen isn't manifesting material things anymore and dressing nicely. Boo fucking hoo. If your boyfriend trying to be more responsible is that much of a problem, he should dump your ass. Ever also displays her selfishness in this book. Two twins, Romy and Rayne, are trapped in the mortal world thanks to Ever's mistake with Roman. They have no idea how to survive, since they are from the time of the Salem Witch trials. Does Ever care that they are stranded because of her? I think there's a brief period of remorse, but it's overshadowed by her more urgent needs. Damen thinks that they owe it to the twins to help them, since they helped him find Ever, but Ever is upset because Rayne(one of the only characters I liked) calls her out on her bullshit. Of course since she dislikes Ever no one will listen to her, even if she's right. Ever tries to send the twins back to Summerland so she doesn't have to handle the inconvenience of a thirteen-year old disliking her and having more common sense than she does. Ever is an idiot. She's so consumed with trying to have sex with Damen that she goes against everyone's sensible advice. Damen tells her that Roman is a liar and can't be trusted. So what does Ever do? Like any good incompetent heroine, she goes right to Roman and gets into trouble. How many times does this happen? I dunno, I lost count. My favorite was the time she went to Roman and he blackmailed her saying he'd tell Damen. But her crowning moment of stupidity has to be when she casts a spell using the Book of Shadows to get Roman to give her the antidote. Never mind that Jude and Damen warn her that people get over their head when they use magic (or is it spelled magick in this book?) and that she should not try to impose her will on people because things are supposed to be a certain way. Those people didn't know what they were doing. Ever has a great need- she has to see her boyfriend! Surely that trumps all needs. So she casts a spell to make Roman give her the antidote. Romy and Rayne, who are far more experienced, tell Ever that she's made a huge mistake. But of course Ever knows better than the twins and ignores them. Turns out she fucked up royally, but the only two characters who will call her out on this will be Roman and Rayne. Rayne will be ignored because she doesn't like Ever(smart girl) and Roman will be ignored because he is a villain. Then Ever makes another stupid mistake by changing her whiny, over dramatic, bitchy best friend Haven into an Immortal.The book ends with Ever whining about how she fucked up and Damen forgiving her. Herein lies my main problem. No one can call Ever out on her shit and have her listen. Damen just hugs her and says she had the best intentions, it wasn't her fault, and that it will be okay. No! Damen needs to stop coddling Ever and tell her she's fucked up. How is she supposed to grow as a character if the only person she will listen to does not call her on her mistakes? I don't care if she had the best intentions(personally I found them to be selfish) she's still wrong. She's fucked up so many times, yet no one calls her on it. Please, for the love of God, have someone call her on her mistakes! Oh, who am I kidding? Ever will never have anyone call her on her bullshit and she'll never listen if they do. She'll continue fucking up and everyone will magically forgive her. It's wonderful being the main character of a shitty YA novel. There was a slight saving grace in this book- Rayne and Roman. I know that I'm supposed to oppose them because they're mean to poor, delicate, useless Ever, but I liked them. Rayne was the only one to call Ever out on her shit and through her I could say the things I wanted to Ever. It's too bad no one listens to her. Roman was just a fun character. He didn't really seem villainous, up until he poisoned Haven. It was fun watching him taunt and tease Ever, especially since she could never get the upper hand. Their dialogue reminded me of dialogue better written couples have had when they are still in the stage of disliking each other. Roman and Rayne rock, but they weren't enough to save this book. I know no one will listen to Rayne, and Roman is probably going to die. What bothers me most about this book is the plot and characters. I can deal with an unoriginal plot if there are vivid characters, and I can deal with unlikeable characters if there's an interesting plot. Sometimes I will be fortunate enough to get both, but I can settle with one. I got neither an interesting plot or interesting characters in this book. The plot is just stupid.In fact, I don't think there was a plot- just Alyson Noel jumping around a few ideas. The most consistent thing was Ever trying to find a cure for Damen, which doesn't count as a plot.I don't care if she and her boyfriend can't touch. If they're supposed to have this brilliant, all-consuming, superior, wonderful love, their relationship should be able to survive without physical touch. I hesitate to include the love triangle because it was randomly introduced 218 pages in, and it's obvious that Ever will choose Damen. I guess Ever's whining might count as a plot point as well, I'm not sure. I hated the characters. I don't know if I've scratched the surface with how much I HATE Ever. My words seem inadequate. She's selfish, lazy, shallow, stupid, stupid, a moron, an idiot, lobotomized, and STUPID! If she wasn't a character in a best-selling series, her ass would have been dead, dead, dead, and DEAD! Sadly there is no justice in the world. This book caused me pain. I mean it. I'm not exaggerating for comedy purposes. I had to restrain myself from beating myself over the head with this piece of shit book. I felt like crying when I saw I had a 110 pages left. I had to stop to bang my head when I read that Damen was keeping tabs on Ever since she was ten. I tried to bang my head against the wall, but my chair was too low. I had to settle for pinching myself instead. Eventually I couldn't bring myself to read any further and had to take a break. I went on Goodreads and started clicking the one star a bunch of times. It eased my stress slightly. Why didn't I stop? Because I'm a masochist and I had to see just how bad this was. What bothers me is that Ever has no personality outside of being madly in lust with Damen. I'm not sure if Alyson Noel meant for Ever to be such a shallow, stupid bitch, so I'm not sure if I should count those as her personality traits. She's like most of these YA heroines these days- her boyfriend defines her. Is it so much to ask for a heroine to have a personality that isn't whiny and doesn't focus on her love interest? Is it? But no. This makes money. I understand that people need money, but must our standards be lowered? Why can't we have strong female protagonists who like their love interests for their personalities? Why can't the love interests have personalities and be actual characters? According to TV Tropes, this series is a follow of the leader of Twilight. It should have ended with Twilight, but there was no strength left in the heart of publishers."", ""I have very mixed thoughts about this book. It was hard to put down once you have started it, but once it is finished it doesn't leave you fully satisfied.I wish I could teleport myself into Shadowland and try and shake some sense into Ever. Every time she tries to help she just ends up making things ten times worse. She should have learned from her mistakes and left things well enugh alone. Another charictor that really gets on my nerves in Haven. She is incredibly self-centered. She broke up with her boyfriend just because he got her a cat to cheer her up. She didn't deserve him in the first place. I just hope this series gets better with time.Show more"", 'I’ve given this series three tries now. That’s three tries too many and two more than usual. I have been disappointed for the final time. I Am Done. Done with the stagnant, shallow, and (in Ever’s case) stubbornly dense characters. Done with the New Age nattering on about energy fields and Wicca 101 lessons. Done with the endless faux sexual tension and the strung out destined to be together soul-mate crap. I should probably have some wine and chocolate and calm the hell down but I need to get this review over and done so I can move on and purge it from my memory which fortunately for me (in this case) isn’t very good anyway.If you haven’t read the previous books in the series they are Evermore and Blue Moon and you really haven’t missed much. I’ll do a super quick synopsis to spare you from the unnecessarily long brain melting info. dump that goes on in the first few chapters of Shadowland. Ever is a pretty blonde cheerleader type who lost her entire family in an accident. But don’t fret because she doesn’t. She’s too busy mooning over dreamy guys. In Evermore she was made an immortal by drinking “immortal juice” given to her by her perfect, gorgeous, immortal boyfriend and soul mate Damen. They want to have sex (oh so very bad) but can’t touch because braniac Ever trusted a villain named Roman in Blue Moon and now her body fluids are toxic to Damen. They can’t kiss or bump any naked naughty bits or do anything else unless fully covered and there’s really no fun in that now, is there? They can’t even hold hands because Ever might get all clammy and sweat on him causing his ultimate fiery demise. Ahhh, the tragedy! So there you go. In Shadowland, they attempt to find an antidote so they can finally “be together” (euphemism courtesy of the author, I would’ve used much naughtier terms), Ever doesn’t listen (again) and gets herself into further trouble and then a new character named Jude (who is gorgeous and dreadlocked and gets Ever all a-flutter, shameless hussy that she is) is introduced because what the world needs now is another lame love triangle.If I sound a mite sarcastic I’m sorry but I’m beyond irritated by these shallow and dimension-less characters. I had all three of these books on my Ipod and kept reading them hoping desperately that things would improve. But Damen is still totally amazing and crapping out white tulips and we are continually brutalized with Ever’s endless descriptions of his physical perfection. At one point she even waxes poetic about his “perfect rubber flip flop shod feet”. I Kid You Not. Oh and Haven is still a royal beeyatch while Ever continues to be Ever. No one grows at all in these books and it makes me crazy.  But the worst fault here is that Shadowland blathers on for chapters without anything much of any excitement, importance or plot advancement happening. I could deal with this if I were enjoying even one of the characters but they continually disappointed and frustrated me with their perfection, self-centeredness or outright stupidity. And then the bit about Haven becoming . . . well, I won’t go there and spoil things for you in case you’re still wanting to read it.I realize I’m rambling but this series is just not a good one, if you’re asking me. It’s not interesting, the characters are mostly jerks who I can’t work up any sympathy for and it’s not one I can recommend at all. I’m stopping here even though I think I still have two more of these books on my Ipod. I’ve already wasted too much time and if someone tells me they get better I am sticking my fingers in my ears and refusing to listen. Which is what I wish I had done with these audiobooks!Show more', 'Si bien esta entrega es un poco más lenta, en cuanto a trama porque se lee igual de ligera que la anterior, me ha gustado que la autora nos ha entregado ciertas respuestas e información que habían quedado un tanto inconclusas en el libro anterior.El conflicto en el que se centra la trama, en esta oportunidad, es en el Karma 🙄; por lo que nuestro protagonista, Damen, siente que debe pagar por sus pecados anteriores y todo lo malo que sucedió en la entrega anterior es por su culpa 🥱. Por lo tanto, hace todo lo que está a su alcance para pasarla mal y sufrir.Si bien la historia se desarrolla el día después del conflicto que provoco Roman; bueno más bien por la decisión que tomo Ever, que para variar fue la equivocada. Si bien esperaba que en este tomo se solucionara eso no paso y al parecer la autora continuará extendiendo el drama relacionado con este problema que sufren los protagonistas y que les impide ser felices. Además, se introduce un personaje nuevo Jade y, como ya se podía intuir, es muy atractivo como todos los personajes de este libro 🙄; cito textual: “surfero bronceado con los ojos aguamarina, un cuerpo de escándalo y el pelo dorado...”. Y al parecer este personaje tiene alguna relación con Ever, desde hace bastante tiempo. La autora nos deja con un nuevo conflicto en el final, para variar surge a raíz de una pésima decisión de la protagonista, así que para la próxima entrega tendremos el problema que no se solucionó en este libro sumado al nuevo que se origina en las páginas finales. En fin, es un libro adictivo, se lee muy rápido, cumple su función de entretener.Show more', 'First off lets start with some positives.I really enjoy this series! It’s fun, it’s fast, it’s entertaining. I loved the first two books! This time around.... didn’t love it so much. As I mentioned before, it took me no time at all to read. The plot was intriguing, but it just wasn’t enough to satisfy me this time around. I loved the introduction of the “shadowland” but it just lacked substance in the plot overall. I just find myself being frustrated more than finding actual enjoyment from the book. Mostly because I didn’t really feel that anything is resolved from the last book. The plot advances, yes, more problems... more characters, but nothing is resolved. Ever and Damen’s relationship hasn’t progressed at all... it’s getting a little bit tedious. I found myself even more frustrated with Ever. The girl is killing me. Her impulsiveness and stubbornness can be forgiven and even overlooked the first and even the second time around, but by the third book I’d like to see a little personal growth. She keeps making the same mistakes over and over and over and over! And it’s not for a lack of guidance! How many hundreds of years has Damen been alive... just listen to the guy for once will you! I also noticed a lack of connection with Ever’s friends Miles and Haven.... does Ever even have friends anymore? Everything I loved about the series was there... great writing, impressive imagery, engaging story.... they were just overshadowed by things I didn’t like.At this point, I’m definitely going to continue to read the series. I’m hoping I get more of what I loved in Evermore and Blue Moon in the next installment. Show more', 'This series just went downhill for me. I loved Evermore because I found Ever to be such a great character and I really liked her, but now she\'s just annoying. When before I thought she was smart and kind, now I think she\'s stupid and impulsive and self-obsessed. I can\'t take it anymore! The decision she made to save Haven just drove me over the edge. The right thing to do was so obvious and she went completely the opposite way, knowingly siding with Roman, the most evil person she knows, and ignoring Damen who she should trust most of anyone. I can understood wanting to save your best friend in normal cases, such as not knowing about the afterlife and what happens to people when they die, but Ever knew everything about that. She knew about Summerland and what a great place it was. She knew dying was merely the beginning of a totally new and eternally happy life in another realm. She also knew that by ""saving"" Haven, she was condemning her soul to the Shadowland if she was ever killed later in life. Stupid. Selfish. And not to sound mean or anything, but I would have preferred that Ever let Haven die not just because it would have been the right thing to do but because Haven is one of the most annoying characters in this series and I would have been glad to be rid of her. However, now that she is an immortal, I expect she\'s going to play an even bigger part in the rest of the books (and according to the summary of Dark Flame, she will be more annoying and selfish than usual). Bah!!I believe that this is going to be a common occurence in this series-Ever making a stupid,impulsive decision and making everything worse. This only makes the story more annoying (I know I\'ve been using this word a lot, but it really sums up how this series makes me feel) as well as boring and predictable now, so I\'m officially done reading this series. Maybe I would have continued if there was just one more book left (like I originally thought) and quickly end the series, but I recently found out that there\'s at least three more books. Nuh-uh. No way. I\'m not going to waste my time.I would have given this book 1 star (or even zero) if it weren\'t for Jude and the twins. I loved those three characters, but they were the only good part of this book.', ""Her BF wears a full body magical condom and they still don't bone smh"", ""I am NOT joking, when I tell you that, when I ended the third chapter, I was immediately selling it on e-bay. I simply couldn’t bring myself to read more. Even though I just found out that in the next series there’s someone named like me – Jude (and it’s a guy, why are the Jude’s always guys?)- not even this, is going to make read more. Bye-Bye The Immortal Series, maybe when the series is finished I’ll go an read the ending or something, but I’m done. [UPDATE: This series has ended, I already did the unspeakable and just read the last two pages of the final book and... Nope. Not missing anything. Won't touch this books again. BTW: when I sold the book it ended somewhere in Colorado, I just hope that they didn’t end up disappointed. Probably the fans are already tracking me down, but, in my defense, this was just my opinion, and I really really wanted to like them... especially considering that, you know, I payed for them.But yeah, this series and me.... well,\n\nShow more"", ""1.5 starsEver and Damen are whining. A lot.They treat 'karma' like it is a god.They whine some more.Ever meets a hot dude.She gets a job with hot dude.Damen pulls an Edward. (ie, book 2) ;)Roman is up to something.Ever can't figure it out.Ever does stupid things.Ever does more even stupider things.The end. Of book 3.*headdesk*I liked the first book and I thought that it showed potential, but alas, the second and third book have proved me wrong. Oh well, on to something else!Show more"", ""I feel like I'm torturing myself for fun now? Maybe? Not sure.The only reason I dove into Shadowland was because of a specific challenge. That's it. No other reason to dive into this because I really had zero desire to do so. Still did it though.. which was a completely horrible idea if I'm being honest. So. Yeah.Now it's pretty safe to assume that I didn't like the first two books in this series. So, just go ahead and realize that my opinion still hasn't changed. I don't think it ever will either. No amount of wine will make this series better in my eyes. Or the characters. BECAUSE HOT DAMN.. WHY?!?! JUST WHY?!?It's like the character had two choices - one good and one completely and utterly horrible. Picture the entire universe on fire. So you'd think that the one character would be like.. sunshine and rainbows or everyone dying over and over again? Choices. Choices. Instead of picking the nice happy choice.. they continue to pick the worst one over and over again.Ugh. Again, just no. No. No. No. I really hope that I never have to dive into the next book - like for ANY challenge.Show more"", 'yay! I actually joined this site quickly to explain my issues and extreme disappointment in this book. Let\'s start with the beginning shall we? When I first saw this book in the bookstore, I read the back of it and it just seem to grasp my attention. I wanted to see how Noel could possibly wrap me in a story and about auras and such. Now I feel I should of put it right back in its spot and move on to the most amazing writer Ellen Hopkins. There are SO many things wrong with this book I am getting frustrated even thinking about it. Evermore was absolutely predictable, annoying, and the characters were so irritating. PERIOD. All of Noel\'s books have the same theme; rich, snobby ass materialist wanna be\'s formed from pathetic shows like Gossip Girl and 90210.( as proven in her other book Art Geeks and Prom Queens) Please explain to me why in most books the minute some one changes their personality and goes through something terrible the ""popular"" girl just has to be a bitch for no legit reason. NONE. AT. ALL. I hated the whole thing with Roman and Drina, seriously. I am so done with the whole overly obsessed ex girlfriend and boyfriend bull. I was literally screaming at Drina ""HE DOES NOT WANT YOU SO SHUT THE FUCK UP, YEAH?"" only some deranged insane unrealistic female would continue to kill her boyfriend\'s new girlfriend. Also, was she that stupid that she couldn\'t realize ""Hey Drina, Ever keeps coming back so I might as well just give the fuck up and move on"" I am sure Noel could of chose a better super villain. I mean, seriously? what is Roman\'s problem? Why can\'t he just let them have sex and go find another girl. I must say the best part of the book is Haven and Miles. Except I hate how Haven copied EVERYONE around her. She was the most unoriginal person ever. If she wanted to be some ""goth"" chick at least embrace to be your own. There is no need to copy. Don\'t worry this rant is almost done and I am sure I have pissed most of you off but we must talk about Damen. He is the most boring, most repulsive person character formed. Now, in the beginning of Evermore the mysteriousness kept me the least bit interested. When we found out that he was a -cough vampire cough- immortal, it seemed his personality just died. He is NO fun, he\'s too serious and honestly I hated every scene he was in. ""Everything is matter ever blahblahblah you must be serious blahblahblah"" And don\'t you just love how he had to make EVERYTHING about him. ""It\'s all karma"" blahblahblahblah. Ever couldn\'t have a single conversation with Damen with out running on about horrible he is. Show more', 'This book was okay. When I read \'Evermore\', I admit that I liked it enough-ish to read the second one. I found the second one, \'Blue Moon\' very good. It made me REALLY want to read \'Shadowland\'. But when I was reading it, I found myself bored. Oh no, Ever is freaking out again. Oh no, her aunt is going out with her history teacher. Oh no, Roman is a psycho! Please. Give me a break.Damon is annoying, he\'s acting like the 500-year-old dude that he is, instead of the hot guy we all love(ish).And Jude is weird. I wanted to look forward to SOMETHING in the book, and a little drama involving Ever cheat on Damon would have been perfect and the back of the book made it look like Damon was barely in the story, letting us get to know Jude better. It was pretty much the opposite. Jude was hardly in it at all and there was very little attraction between him and Ever.Ever\'s ""friends"" continue to annoy me. Haven is a female dog. I kinda like Miles but-ugh, I don\'t know.AND I ABSOLUTELY HATE THE FACT THAT HAVEN IS NOT IMMORTAL. SHE IS SOOO ANNOYING. Show more', ""I came across the audio for Shadowland, so I thought I would give it another try. However, I didn't find it any better the second time around. I thought the narrator did a good job; I just didn't find the story engaging or entertaining. The narrator was actually a good choice for this book. She had a young-sounding voice, playing up Ever's immaturity.Original review September 8, 2011 -I had read the first two books in this series and thought they were pretty good…this one I could hardly even finish. I had to force myself to get through to the end to make sure I wasn't missing anything, and nope…I wasn't. Shadowland continued the story from the first two books, but the story did not really go anywhere. It was pretty much the same thing all over again. In a series I look for development of the storyline and the characters, and I was very disappointed with Shadowland since the series had started out so good.Show more"", 'The first time I read the book I was so angry with Ever, because of her stupid behavior that I didn\'t pay enough attention to the other characters and what was going on. The second time I went in prepared and found a very wise Damen who has some interesting things to say and my favorite part of the book is where Damen takes Ever to the museum. Actual rating 3,5 stars.I have no words for Ever, she annoys me tremendously in this book. At the end of ""Blue Moon"" she made a huge mistake and obviously didn\'t learn from this mistake at all, because she just continues to trust the wrong people and to do the wrong things, she doesn\'t listen to people that are older/wiser and know more about immortality and magick. Damen gives her an amulet for protection that she mustn\'t take off and what does she do, she takes it off and gets hurt. Damen and the twins tell her not to trust Roman and stay away from him and what does she do, she runs to Roman and he plays with her. When she finds a Book of Shadows everybody who knows about the book tells her that it is dangerous in the wrong hands and she has to stay away from it and what does she do, she uses it and makes things worse and hides it all from Damen. The books ends with a choice and it would have been a pleasant surprise if -for a change- she would have made the right one. Damen is adorable, patient and wise in this book, but I do think he has to keep a better eye on Ever. I share his opinion about karma that every action, good or bad, is followed sooner or later by a reaction. I admire the fact that when he says that he wants to make up for his past and improve his karma, he takes immediate action and gets rid of material things and takes loving care of the twins. I wish that Ever would have been more supportive of him, but instead she\'s whining about his car, clothes, him spending time with the twins etc. Damen talks a lot about the downside of being immortal and the Shadowland where there\'s no soul and only darkness. He finds a way so they can touch each other as long as they don\'t have the antidote, he gives Ever an amulet for protection and gives her the freedom to make her own choices.I got what I hoped for, because in this book we learn a lot of interesting facts about the background of the twins that are not able to return to Summerland, because they\'ve lost their magick. Ava comes back from.... we don\'t know and a new character, Jude, is introduced who has some unfinished business with Ever and we don\'t know if he\'s one of the good or bad guys.Let\'s stay optimistic and hope that Ever will come to her senses in the next installment, because otherwise I think I\'ll just going to have to slap her, and that Damen is right, quote: ""Some things no matter how painful happen for a reason. And just to barge in and interfere, no matter how well mentioned, would be akin to robbing them of their journey. Something that\'s better not done.""Show more', ""1 star...this series just isn't for me.I just can't with this series anymore to be honest...I didn't get very far in this book, despite the fact that I started it almost a month ago. Nothing about this book or this series could motivate me to pick the book back up and continue on. I finally somewhat skimmed through it to see if it gets any better and in my opinion, it doesn't. The thought of reading the remaining 3 books in this series just to see if Ever and Damen ever get to have sex, which I'm sure will take all the way until the very end of the last book just makes me want to bash my head into the wall. Soooo....even though I hate leaving a series unfinished, I won't be continuing on with this.Show more"", '6 Things I learned from Shadowland:""His voice calling after me as I spring from the desk and bolt for the door--having no idea where I\'m headed, bit hoping it\'s vast, open, far from him.""1. If you\'re a published author (good or otherwise) it is completely acceptable to use incomplete sentences to describe what is happening as if you\'re writing a play.2. When your boyfriend tells you to do something, you shouldn\'t listen, especially if he was right the first time.3. It\'s better to doom your ""best"" friend to the destruction of their soul than it is to let them die and move on to the Summerland realm where they\'ll eventually be safely and happily reincarnated.4. Always look for the solution to your problems from the person who created them.5. If someone ""wants something"" from you, it\'s always sex.6. Everything is made of energy, and if I know how that works, I can make things appear with my mind.I\'ve never done a ""__ things I learned"" list before. That must mean I really couldn\'t take this book seriously.""A wise person learns from others\' mistakes, a fool learns from their own."" As usual, Ever is stubborn and foolish. If she doesn\'t even learn from her own mistakes, what does that make her? A double-fool? As stupid as that word sounds, it\'s a perfect description of Ever. She may be a teenager, she may make some mistakes. That\'s OK. What I really couldn\'t stand was just how... oblivious she was to everything. She kept making the same mistakes over and over unrepentantly until the end.The entire series has been so lackluster and hilarious, it\'s actually an inside joke with one of my friends. A joke. We may not like the books, but we still have to stick around because it\'s so ridiculous. If Alyson Noel is really trying to be serious (maybe even a little gothic) she should give up. It\'s not worth the humiliation she\'s putting herself through by writing this.', 'And the point of this one waaaaassss?? Oh, right, to tease us with more ""are they ever gonna be able to get it on?!"" hype and once again showcase Ever\'s idiocy and Damen\'s mysteriousness. More shrugging, more lip-pressing, not to mention a new stud who\'s hot for Ever. Why? Apparently because they\'ve hooked up (or come close) in every one of their previous lives before Damen managed to drag Ever away. So now we have not one, but TWO devastatingly hot men in love with this piss-poor excuse for a human being? It\'s bad enough that Alyson Noel expects me to believe a man who\'s been around for 600 years could ever find a girl like Ever Bloom even remotely interesting, now she\'s dragged another poor sap into it, and I don\'t think I\'ll ever forgive her. Read Maggie Stiefvater\'s books, at least her female leads aren\'t dumb as rocks. ', ""Can't wait until this comes out!!!!!<3AHHHH! Awesome cover!!!"", ""I couldn't even finish this book. "", ""Back in the day, when I was but a wee twelve-year-old, my teacher told me to review the last book I read. This was that book, as you might have guessed. And though I was, as beforementioned, a wee twelve-year-old going on thirteen, I still hated this book. A lot. And as I was looking through my old books from school, I just so happened to stumble upon this review and have decided to translate it for you. Mind you it was never completed, and it wasn't an assignment that I had to turn in, which you might notice. It was more of a, 'you've completed everything I've planned for you kids so here's a random thing you can do so that you don't walk around and annoy your friends' type of assignment. Anyway. Here goes.Stina's twelve-year-old self reviews Shadowland:What is the book about?This is part of a book series that mainly follows Ever and Damen, two immortals who are totally soulmates and whatnot. In this book particularly, Damen has a curse which prevents the two lovebirds from touching and therefore also from doing the dirty (which, by the way, is the entire goal of this series). (By the way, the only reason he is cursed is because Ever was a freaking idiot in the second book and chose to trust the evil guy instead of the good ones WHO WANTED HER NOTHING BUT GOOD THINGS OH MY GOD WHY IS SHE SO STUPID).So basically, the entire book is about Ever trying to fix her idiotic mistake and looking for a cure by, among other things negotiating with Roman (the aforementioned Evil Guy), looking for answers in this Wonderland-type world and by learning black magic. She also gets a job at this bookstore/library/whatever where this dude, Jude, works, who becomes a candidate for the obligatory love triangle which all books appear to have these days. Ugh.Describe the main character.Ever - a seventeen-year-old-girl who is the fifth reincarnation of herself, I think, and who is now immortal so no more reincarnations I guess. Boo hoo. She's cocky, pushes away her friends for Damen CONSTANTLY. She also does stupid things for Damen, and skips school for Damen, does freaking EVERYTHING for Damen (sad but true). She's really rude and uses a lot of sarcasm, and everything she does is an argument Satan uses to convince God that she truly belongs in hell. Which is where she would've been burning by now, had she not been immortal...Like Damen, her only goal in life is for her and Damen to get under the sheets and she's willing to do just about anything to get there. A picture of her is what shows up when you look up any of the following: bad daughter, bad friend, Satan, idiot, bad girlfriend, bad student, bad worker, etc, etc.She really shouldn't be allowed to make decisions of her own because every time she makes one it's awful and ruins one character after the other's life. The Damen curse is 100% her fault, and at the end of this book, she basically dooms her supposed best friend (who she treats like crap) by making a selfish decision that will eventually result in said friend suffering for an eternity and also making the next three books exist. She spawned a new villain by making yet another stupid decision. Someone lock her up, please.If the book you're reading is a series, what will happen in the next book(s) and/or what happened in the previous book(s)?In the first book, Ever started ditching her best friends for this new, hot, bad guy, Damen, who turned out to be this immortal dude who has been trying to get into her pants for over 400 years (not even kidding) (seriously, this happened). They fall for each other.In the second book, Ever ditches her friends even more for Damen, and is also an immortal now. Somewhere along she also ditches not only her friends but also her common sense because she trusts the freaking bad guy of the book instead of the good guys, and as a result dooms both her and Damen's feature under the sheets forever. What a time to be alive.In the third book (this one) she does stupid things and also kind of falls for this surfer dude, and also ends up hurting him physically a lot because she's just that stupid, and trusts her instinct way too much.In the fourth book, and I also assume the rest of the series, she'll try to backpedal on her stupid decisions.What did you think of the book?I think that's pretty obvious. It's the end of April soon, which means Valborgsmässoafton (Note from present-day Stina: Valborg is a holiday-type-thingy in Sweden where we basically light huge ass fires to welcome spring) and I'm going to throw it into one of the fires I'm going to. If you were the author of this book, what would you do differently?Everything.~Fin~So yeah. There were more questions but I never had time to answer them. Can we all just agree that I was a bit of a savage at twelve?Show more"", 'I was so excited 2 read this book after reading Blue Moon. After reading this book i was totally disappointed and frustrated. Ever is dumber than a box of rocks and spends the entire book whining and sulking. Noel devotes the 1st 50 pages or so making Damen and Ever argue over who is to blame for their predicament instead of putting their heads 2gether 2 try and find a solution. Damen goes on and on about how he is 2 blame because of karma, Ever claims it\'s her bad choices that has led 2 their problems, u get 2 the point where ur just like ""ok, let\'s move on now!"" I was waiting 4 the climax, the ""oh shit!"" moment, but it never came and it ended totally unresolved. The story is so drawn out that you reach 2 a point where u just dont care anymore. Noel uses \'even though\' so many times, u just want to mail her a thesaurus. Haven is a terible friend, she insults Ever constantly and always chooses someone over her supposedly \'best friend\'. The love triangle could have been developed better, Jude makes short apperances and the only thing him and Ever do is \'gaze\' at each other. The chapters were not organized well. Some chapters were long, some were really short. Overall, the book was just stale and predictable. All of the dumb mistakes Ever makes leaves u so frustrated u just want to hit her in the head with a boulder. I find it hard 2 believe that Ever would just allow Haven her \'best friend\' to just walk away with Roman, her enemy, even after the twins told her something terrible would happen and yet again she would have 2 make a difficult choice. U\'d think a red flag would go up right? Wrong! Insted Ever chills out in the jacuzzi with Jude and becomes totally shocked the next moment she finds out that Roman has poisened Haven leaving her responsible 4 choosing whether she lives or dies. Didnt this happen in Blue Moon? The twins warn her and yet she ignores them and makes the wrong choice? Y doesnt she learn from her past mistakes? I could go on and on even more about this book but in a nutshell the books is just a real disappointment and i recommend noone waste their time 2 read it.', ""Shadowland is the 3rd installment of the Evermore series. In this book, Ever is back together with Damon, except that they can not risk touching each other as Ever's DNA will kill Damon. A new mystic surfer dude, Jude is introduced as Ever's bookstore boss. As I was reading the book, I was struck by the lack of any type of excitement or action. The book just plodded along. My basic question would be - if you were dumped and badly treated by your boyfriend in the last book, why would you return to him and act as if nothing happened? Surely there must be better role models for teen readers.The other question that came up for me would be the topic of fate and soul mates. Are we fated to be with our soul mate? Does history repeat itself over and over again so that we can be with our soul mate? Does free will ever play a role? Can you or should you break the chain?I found this book angsty and repetitive. Ever was not as annoying as she was in the previous book, Blue Moon. I found the ending to be anti-climatic and unsatisfying. Show more"", ""Well this third book of the immortals series wasn't bad but it wasn't too good either. I think it's because Ever's character never changes and makes another problem she would soon regret in the next book of this series. Though the introduction of the new character, Jude, made it a little more interesting it isn't enough to convince me otherwise about the other parts of the story. It really took me time to finish this, and that this book really took a different path than I expected so I hope for something better in the fourth book. I still have faith that this could be better when I read the next one :P.Show more"", 'Tried, but no. ', 'Deze serie wordt per deel echt beter!!!', 'i can\'t wait!! and what is this about ""testing her love for damen""? grr...']"
744,Unearthly,"In the beginning, there's a boy standing in the trees...Clara Gardner has recently learned that she's part angel. Having angel blood run through her veins not only makes her smarter, stronger, and faster than humans (a word, she realizes, that no longer applies to her), but it means she has a purpose, something she was put on this earth to do. Figuring out what that is, though, isn't easy.Her visions of a raging forest fire and an alluring stranger lead her to a new school in a new town. When she meets Christian, who turns out to be the boy of her dreams (literally), everything seems to fall into place and out of place at the same time. Because there's another guy, Tucker, who appeals to Clara's less angelic side.As Clara tries to find her way in a world she no longer understands, she encounters unseen dangers and choices she never thought she'd have to make between honesty and deceit, love and duty, good and evil. When the fire from her vision finally ignites, will Clara be ready to face her destiny?Unearthly is a moving tale of love and fate, and the struggle between following the rules and following your heart.",2011,Cynthia Hand,7904,126014,435,Young Adult,4.02,[]
747,Fool's Fate,"The triumphant conclusion to the Tawny Man trilogy, from the author of the bestselling Farseer and Liveship Traders trilogies. The moving end to the tale of the Farseers, in which kingdoms must stand or fall on the beat of a dragon's wings, or a Fool's heart. A small and sadly untried coterie - the old assassin Chade, the serving-boy Thick, Prince Dutiful, and his reluctant Skillmaster, Fitz - sail towards the distant island of Aslevjal. There they must fulfil the Narcheska's challenge to her betrothed: to lay the head of the dragon Icefyre, whom legends tell is buried there deep beneath the ice, upon her hearth. Only with the completion of this quest can the marriage proceed, and the resulting alliance signal an end to war between the two kingdoms. It is not a happy ship: tensions between the folk of the Six Duchies and their traditional enemies, the Outislanders, lie just beneath the surface. Thick is constantly ill, and his random but powerful Skilling has taken on a dark and menacing tone, while Chade's fascination with the Skill is growing to the point of obsession. Having ensured that his beloved friend the Fool is safely left behind in Buckkeep, Fitz is guilt-stricken; but he is determined to keep his fate at bay, since prophecy foretells the Fool's death if he ever sets foot on the isle of the black dragon. But as their ship draws in towards Aslevjal a lone figure awaits them...",2003,Robin Hobb,2440,72658,914,Fantasy,4.45,[]
748,The Mystery of Revenge,"A body was found in the living room of a concert pianist, shot to death. Yi-yun Lin, the deceased, was a foreign student from China. No murder weapon was found on the scene, no sign of forced entry.It was seemingly a homicide, but who was the killer? All the evidence points to her boyfriend, the concert pianist, but Detective Paul Winderman of the Boston Police Department has his doubts. The victim's ex-husband has vowed revenge on several occasions. Someone from her past might also want her dead.The tale of the Mystery of Revenge is a melting pot of love, desire, jealousy and greed. Proceed with caution; the facts could be deceiving.",2013,G.X. Chen,19,79,164,Mystery,4.09,[]
750,If I Wake,"Will is sixteen year old Lucy’s best friend. Their lives intersect in dreams, where destiny pulls them together through different times in history. Even though their meetings are more real to Lucy than the present, Lucy is uncertain if Will exists outside her mind. Lucy’s mum thinks there is something wrong when Lucy sleeps for days at a time. She is so caught up with finding a cure she doesn’t see the real problem. Lucy is bullied at school and is thinking of ending her life.When the bullying goes too far and Lucy ends up in a coma, only Will can reach her. But how do you live when the only person who can save you doesn’t exist?",2016,Nikki Moyes,124,691,276,Young Adult,3.91,[]
751,Dark Guardian,"#1 Bestseller in Superhero Fiction! Available in paperback, Kindle, and Kindle Unlimited!From Bestselling & Award-Winning author Ammar Habib comes this story of vigilante justice! For the past four years, everyone thought Ethan Daniels was dead and gone. But now he is back with a vengeance. After the gruesome death of his adopted sister at the hands of a merciless gang, there is nothing he wants more than revenge. He can't sleep. He can't think. All he hears are her cries and all he sees is her death. Ethan comes home to take on one of the world’s most notorious crime lords in his bid for revenge. Using his vast resources, advanced skills, and an arsenal of weaponry, Ethan dons the mask of a vigilante and wages a one-man-war against the crime lord’s empire. However, he doesn't expect a reunion with Katrina, the girl he loved as a boy. After multiple reencounters with her, Ethan's resolve begins to waver as he is forced to realize that he can't have both love and vengeance. Retribution exacts a price while fate—well, she has plans of her own.",2014,Ammar Habib,541,5318,334,Thriller,4.21,[]
752,Never Go With Your Gut,"Avoid terrible advice, cognitive biases, and poor decisions. Want to avoid business disasters, whether minor mishaps, such as excessive team conflict, or major calamities like those that threaten bankruptcy or doom a promising career? Fortunately, behavioral economics studies show that such disasters stem from poor decisions due to our faulty mental patterns—what scholars call “cognitive biases”—and are preventable.Unfortunately, the typical advice for business leaders to “go with their guts” plays into these cognitive biases and leads to disastrous decisions that devastate the bottom line. By combining practical case studies with cutting-edge research, Never Go With Your Gut will help you make the best decisions and prevent these business disasters.The leading expert on avoiding business disasters, Dr. Gleb Tsipursky, draws on over 20 years of extensive consulting, coaching, and speaking experience to show how pioneering leaders and organizations—many of them his clients—avoid business disasters. Reading this book will enable you to:Discover how pioneering leaders and organizations address cognitive biases to avoid disastrous decisions.Adapt best practices on avoiding business disasters from these leaders and organizations to your own context.Develop processes that empower everyone in your organization to avoid business disasters.",2019,Gleb Tsipursky,87,207,224,Business,4.17,[]
753,The Innocent,"You never meant to kill him….One night, Matt Hunter innocently tried to break up a fight—and ended up a killer. Now, nine years later, he’s an ex-con who takes nothing for granted. His wife, Olivia, is pregnant, and the two of them are closing on their dream house. But all it will take is one shocking, inexplicable call from Olivia’s phone to shatter Matt’s life a second time….An electrifying thrill ride of a novel that peeks behind the white picket fences of suburbia, The Innocent is at once a twisting, turning, emotionally charged story and a compelling tale of the choices we make and the repercussions that never leave. ",2005,Harlan Coben,2091,35554,503,Mystery,3.99,[]
754,The End of Mr. Y,"A cursed book. A missing professor. Some nefarious men in gray suits. And a dreamworld called the Troposphere? Ariel Manto has a fascination with nineteenth-century scientists--especially Thomas Lumas and The End of Mr. Y, a book no one alive has read. When she mysteriously uncovers a copy at a used bookstore, Ariel is launched into an adventure of science and faith, consciousness and death, space and time, and everything in between. Seeking answers, Ariel follows in Mr. Y’s footsteps: She swallows a tincture, stares into a black dot, and is transported into the Troposphere--a wonderland where she can travel through time and space using the thoughts of others. There she begins to understand all the mysteries surrounding the book, herself, and the universe. Or is it all just a hallucination?",2006,Scarlett Thomas,1830,16757,502,Fiction,3.77,[]
755,The Cat's Table,"A spellbinding story - by turns poignant and electrifying - about the magical, often forbidden, discoveries of childhood and a lifelong journey that begins unexpectedly with a spectacular sea voyage.In the early 1950s, an eleven-year-old boy in Colombo boards a ship bound for England. At mealtimes he is seated at the ""cat's table"" - as far from the Captain's Table as can be - with a ragtag group of ""insignificant"" adults and two other boys, Cassius and Ramadhin. As the ship makes its way across the Indian Ocean, through the Suez Canal, into the Mediterranean, the boys tumble from one adventure to another, bursting all over the place like freed mercury. But there are other diversions as well: one man talks with them about jazz and women, another opens the door to the world of literature. The narrator's elusive, beautiful cousin Emily becomes his confidante, allowing him to see himself ""with a distant eye"" for the first time, and to feel the first stirring of desire. Another Cat's Table denizen, the shadowy Miss Lasqueti, is perhaps more than what she seems. And very late every night, the boys spy on a shackled prisoner, his crime and his fate a galvanizing mystery that will haunt them forever.As the narrative moves between the decks and holds of the ship and the boy's adult years, it tells a spellbinding story - by turns poignant and electrifying - about the magical, often forbidden, discoveries of childhood and a lifelong journey that begins unexpectedly with a spectacular sea voyage.",2011,Michael Ondaatje,3282,25840,269,Fiction,3.61,[]
756,"Love, Lex","This summer, I’d planned to celebrate my eighteenth birthday in Europe with my fellow Manhattanites—Taddy Brill, Blake Morgan, and Vive Farnworth—until I caught my boyfriend screwing my mother. According to the police report, this vomit-inducing incident happened around the same time I’d supposedly blown-up my mother’s penthouse. Like I’m walking around Soho with a stick of dynamite in my Louis Vuitton purse—not! Now, my besties and I are in jail.Officer Ford Gotti, the Harley-wheelin’ biker cop who arrested us, keeps sticking his perfectly-sculpted nose into my case. His inked body is jacked like a superhero, and he says I can trust him. He wants me to fess up. I won’t. Not again. Why should I? My friends and I had a previous stint in juvie that nearly destroyed us. I gotta protect them and keep my mouth shut. Right? —Lex Easton, women’s studies major, motorcycle enthusiast, and virgin. The Undergrad Years is a New Adult contemporary miniseries about first loves, independence, and everlasting friendships. Contains mature content intended for readers 17 and up.",2014,Avery Aster,344,1697,218,New Adult,3.22,[]
757,Off the Grid,"A man without a name who called himself Pan wanted something more, something better. For as long as he could remember, something or someone was calling to him, draining him, making him hungry, making him strive for more, more of everything. Living the life and pursuing the happiness, Pan lived the ""American Dream"". Like so many cheerleaders, Pan worked hard to climb the ladder and he bought almost everything that ""they"" sold. Avoiding the questions and numbing the pain, Pan turned to drink and did drugs, he listened to loud music and had meaningless sex. He was a true consumer and a glutton until all the hedonism and all the materialism could no longer fill the void and help fulfill his life, his liberty and his pursuit of happiness. The sports cars and white picket fences of the picturesque dream were now blurry and misshapen. His dream was shattered and the cracks revealed. Now he waits and watches and fears for the future that he knows is so near. Living in the shadows and preparing for tomorrow, he hopes that he is wrong, but knows that he is right.",2015,Brian  Courtney,28,341,270,New Adult,4.17,[]
758,Spilled Milk,"Brooke Nolan is a battered child who makes an anonymous phone call about the escalating brutality in her home. When social services jeopardize her safety condemning her to keep her father’s secret, it’s a glass of spilled milk at the dinner table that forces her to speak about the cruelty she’s been hiding. In her pursuit for safety and justice Brooke battles a broken system that pushes to keep her father in the home. When jury members and a love interest congregate to inspire her to fight, she risks losing the support of family and comes to the realization that some people simply do not want to be saved. Spilled Milk is a novel of shocking narrative, triumph and resiliency.",2013,K.L. Randis,3771,56659,388,Nonfiction,4.40,[]
759,"You Really Are Full of Shit, Aren't You?","Rascal-Sage Karl Wiggins has done it again, only this time even better.In America they’re called Advice Columnists, in England Agony Aunts. Well Karl Wiggins is an Agony Uncle who takes no crapEveryone has read these columns in the dentist waiting room, and I have to agree with Karl in that the majority of Agony Aunts or Advice Columnists are without exception patronising, condescending and pretentious, providing the same type of namby-pamby, wishy-washy band-aid solution for just about every dilemma; “I’m sorry to hear what you’re going through, but you know life is full of ups and downs, I’m sure if you give it time …….” In short, they are no help whatsoever. Not so Wiggins, for he has the Heaven-sent ability of being able to get right to the nitty-gritty in just a few sentences. His answers, however, are more often than not roll-on-the-floor hilarious. Karl makes it absolutely clear that he’s no marriage guidance counsellor, psychotherapist, priest or vegetarian, but his adequacy to hand out solid advice is confirmed as soon as you start reading this book. His advice is delivered in a humorous, occasionally impassioned and exasperated, yet always intuitive manner. Karl speaks from the heart and never, ever evades the issue. If you’re looking to read one of those family therapy books where the advisor hems and haws, and sits on the fence and tap-dances around the issue then stop right now. This is not the book for you. But if you’re searching for straight-talking guidance on dating, marriage, cohabitation, divorce, sensuality, lust, and sexual urges then look no further. This is the book you’re afterKarl Wiggins does not tread warily around any issue whatsoever – racism, under-age sex, religious extremism, sexual violence. And he does not mince his words; Just the opposite in fact. I’ve known Karl for several years and I’ll tell you he dances towards trouble with a huge grin on his face, which is why I call him the Rascal-Sage. He is in truth a laughing, joking Shaman. The court jester but with all the respect of a sorcerer, for there’s always an element of danger lurking about beneath the surface of his smile, and when he’s angry he is truly a site to behold (Maybe that’s what attracts the reader). Karl, thank you for being you, for not judging me, for seeing me as I truly am and for allowing me the honour of writing the forward to this book for you. But remember I’ve read the book and you are so naughty …. I’m going to pray for you. Yvette",2015,Karl Wiggins,18,182,263,Humor,4.15,[]
760,Flight Behavior,"Flight Behavior takes on one of the most contentious subjects of our time: climate change. With a deft and versatile empathy Kingsolver dissects the motives that drive denial and belief in a precarious world.Flight Behavior transfixes from its opening scene, when a young woman's narrow experience of life is thrown wide with the force of a raging fire. In the lyrical language of her native Appalachia, Barbara Kingsolver bares the rich, tarnished humanity of her novel's inhabitants and unearths the modern complexities of rural existence. Characters and reader alike are quickly carried beyond familiar territory here, into the unsettled ground of science, faith, and everyday truces between reason and conviction. Dellarobia Turnbow is a restless farm wife who gave up her own plans when she accidentally became pregnant at seventeen. Now, after a decade of domestic disharmony on a failing farm, she has settled for permanent disappointment but seeks momentary escape through an obsessive flirtation with a younger man. As she hikes up a mountain road behind her house to a secret tryst, she encounters a shocking sight: a silent, forested valley filled with what looks like a lake of fire. She can only understand it as a cautionary miracle, but it sparks a raft of other explanations from scientists, religious leaders, and the media. The bewildering emergency draws rural farmers into unexpected acquaintance with urbane journalists, opportunists, sightseers, and a striking biologist with his own stake in the outcome. As the community lines up to judge the woman and her miracle, Dellarobia confronts her family, her church, her town, and a larger world, in a flight toward truth that could undo all she has ever believed. Flight Behavior takes on one of the most contentious subjects of our time: climate change. With a deft and versatile empathy Kingsolver dissects the motives that drive denial and belief in a precarious world.",2012,Barbara Kingsolver,10580,89644,436,Fiction,3.80,[]
761,The Circle,"alternate cover for ISBN 9780385351393When Mae Holland is hired to work for the Circle, the world’s most powerful internet company, she feels she’s been given the opportunity of a lifetime. The Circle, run out of a sprawling California campus, links users’ personal emails, social media, banking, and purchasing with their universal operating system, resulting in one online identity and a new age of civility and transparency.As Mae tours the open-plan office spaces, the towering glass dining facilities, the cozy dorms for those who spend nights at work, she is thrilled with the company’s modernity and activity. There are parties that last through the night, there are famous musicians playing on the lawn, there are athletic activities and clubs and brunches, and even an aquarium of rare fish retrieved from the Marianas Trench by the CEO.Mae can’t believe her luck, her great fortune to work for the most influential company in the world—even as life beyond the campus grows distant, even as a strange encounter with a colleague leaves her shaken, even as her role at the Circle becomes increasingly public.What begins as the captivating story of one woman’s ambition and idealism soon becomes a heart-racing novel of suspense, raising questions about memory, history, privacy, democracy, and the limits of human knowledge.",2013,Dave Eggers,25058,207619,493,Fiction,3.43,[]
762,"I, Lucifer","The Prince of Darkness has been given one last shot at redemption, provided he can live out a reasonably blameless life on earth. Highly sceptical, naturally, the Old Dealmaker negotiates a trial period - a summer holiday in a human body, with all the delights of the flesh.The body, however, turns out to be that of Declan Gunn, a depressed writer living in Clerkenwell, interrupted in his bath mid-suicide. Ever the opportunist, and with his main scheme bubbling in the background, Luce takes the chance to tap out a few thoughts - to straighten the biblical record, to celebrate his favourite achievements, to let us know just what it's like being him. Neither living nor explaining turns out to be as easy as it looks. Beset by distractions, miscalculations and all the natural shocks that flesh is heir to, the Father of Lies slowly begins to learn what it's like being us.",2002,Glen Duncan,955,9229,272,Fiction,3.61,[]
763,NW,"Set in northwest London, Zadie Smith’s brilliant tragicomic novel follows four locals—Leah, Natalie, Felix, and Nathan—as they try to make adult lives outside of Caldwell, the council estate of their childhood. In private houses and public parks, at work and at play, these Londoners inhabit a complicated place, as beautiful as it is brutal, where the thoroughfares hide the back alleys and taking the high road can sometimes lead you to a dead end. Depicting the modern urban zone—familiar to city-dwellers everywhere—NW is a quietly devastating novel of encounters, mercurial and vital, like the city itself.",2012,Zadie Smith,3923,38930,296,Fiction,3.48,[]
764,Whale Talk,"There's bad news and good news about the Cutter High School swim team. The bad news is that they don't have a pool. The good news is that only one of them can swim anyway. A group of misfits brought together by T. J. Jones (the J is redundant), the Cutter All Night Mermen struggle to find their places in a school that has no place for them. T.J. is convinced that a varsity letter jacket exclusive, revered, the symbol (as far as T.J. is concerned) of all that is screwed up at Cutter High will also be an effective tool. He's right. He's also wrong. Still, it's always the quest that counts. And the bus on which the Mermen travel to swim meets soon becomes the space where they gradually allow themselves to talk, to fit, to grow. Together they'll fight for dignity in a world where tragedy and comedy dance side by side, where a moment's inattention can bring lifelong heartache, and where true acceptance is the only prescription for what ails us.",2001,Chris Crutcher,1217,11050,224,Young Adult,3.97,[]
765,Forgotten Lore,"This book is for all lovers of strange and mysterious tales from out of the mists of history. This series is a modest attempt to bring to the world some of the endless weird and wonderful stories, which have been lost and left out of the history books. This book is the ideal gift for the history buff or that lover of magical and mysterious tales on your gift list. Our team goes to great lengths to find the most bizarre and inspiring stories, from out of the forgotten archives and hidden vaults of the world. This first book, Volume I, contains the four best tales we've found, to date. They are presented to the public here for the first time.",2014,Alexei Maxim Russell,2,43,290,Fantasy,4.28,[]
766,Bloodlines,"Keira Jameson used to lead a normal life, she just had a gift, passed down through the generations of her family. Now, after hearing voices, having strange dreams of others calling out to her, and her grandfather's last words haunting her, she sets out to find other families like hers. Along with her best friend Lily, the only person outside her family to know about her gift, Keira begins a hunt for her ancestors. A chance meeting with a young man, Lucian Turner, sets them on the right track, but their discoveries change the way Keira will see herself for ever more. Fear, superstition and heritage are shaping Keira's future and she must face her enemies, even if this could mean losing her life. She cannot escape her destiny.Part Buffy-style horror, part tender romance, Bloodlines will have fans of the genre on tenterhooks waiting for the next instalment of this gripping and hell-raising tale.",2010,Lindsay Anne Kendal,84,1060,320,Young Adult,3.75,"['UPDATE the new version of Bloodlines is now available from Amazon.com. Kindle version also avaiable now. This is actually my own book, so its not fair to give it a rating. ', 'This book had such great reviews I purposefully sought it out when major book sellers, such as B&N, didn\'t carry it. I should have taken that for a sign.My biggest gripes about this book are 1) a real editor needs to proof this book (a lot!) and 2) the author needs to do a much better job on researching her facts.For my first issue I will say the flow, writing, building of the story, etc. is horrid. Thoughts are not presented clearly or reasonably as she jumps all around in her conversation topics between the characters with no indication or background for transition (there is so much more wrong with the grammar and flow that if I put it all into words I would have a book for editing this book). Any decent editor would have caught all this and had the author rewrite until it was 90% better. Had this happened it could have been a really great - as it is, it reads as rough (very rough) draft. My second issue has to do with the very apparent fact that the author is English, as is the main character and her close friend, so it makes sense that these two characters to speak the Queen\'s English - BUT NOT THE REST OF THE CHARACTERS in the book. The local characters are supposed to have been born and raised in Massachusetts and yet their grammar and mannerisms are also very British/English. Americans do not refer to trash bags (or garbage bags) as ""bin bags"" (pg. 137), we don\'t say ""rubbish"" (pg.127), Piss Off (pg. 141), Americans don\'t go around kissing each other’s cheeks . . . the list of errors is endless. I kept wondering where the book was taking place because I knew she wrote that they were in Salem, Massachusetts and yet everyone speaks and act as though they are from Great Britain. I forced myself to endure hoping the book would get better but I finally gave up when I reached chapter 16 - it\'s just too awful to continue. My best suggestion would be for the author to republish the book after a lot of editing.In the end I realized all the great reviews must have come from family and friends. Not a true representation of the quality of the book. The author definitely has potential so keep writing, keep learning and find a good editor.Show more', 'This is my Daughters first book in a trilogy.I have read it 5 times and each time is as good as the first. Some people may think this is a biest review. But if it was rubbish, believe me, i wouldnt have encouraged her to have it published. Please give it a try, you will be hooked.', ""I hate to say anything bad about a book because I'm certain that, bad or good, the author loves it just the same and put in an equal amount of effort. I mean this only as constructive criticism.That being said, despite its 310 pages the plot feels thin to the point of transparency, every turn is predictable. The characters read as caricatures, and the main character is a blatant Mary-Sue who displays behaviour only acceptable in a young teenage girl, not a girl in her early twenties.Where was this book's editor? The punctuation was ill-used to the point of distraction. There are instances where the tense changes in the same sentence. I want to finish this on a good note, so I must say that the descriptions of their surroundings were well-written, which makes me believe that Kendal can write a very good book. This just wasn't it.Show more"", 'Wow! I don\'t want to be mean but...how can I not?! I couldn\'t even get past page thirty. The writing was childish and in desperate need of editing. I felt like I was reading a ten year old\'s, what I did for summer vacation, homework. For example: Why would she be telling her ""best"" friend that, of course, she didn\'t talk to her father about her powers because he was dead. Um, yeah. Wouldn\'t the best friend know that? I know the author was just trying to give us some background but having Keira do it in dialogue with her best friend was a bad, bad choice. Yeah, sorry, if the writing is this bad the story just isn\'t worth it. Show more', 'I really enjoyed this book. I was hooked from the beginning because I didn’t know what Keira was or what her gift was, until I was given a hint in the first chapter.Keira is looking for answers about her past and why she is hearing voices, but soon she realizes that maybe this wasn’t the wisest decision.I really liked that there was a big group of characters – all of them playing an important part to the story. I connected with each one of them. At some points the dynamic of the group reminded me of “The Secret Circle” by L.J. Smith – in that they care deeply for each other.At first I thought my favorite character would be Lucian – he is such a gentleman – but halfway through the book I completely fell for Tyler. He is funny and easygoing, among other things. I won’t reveal more as I don’t want to spoil the book for you.Every chapter was full with mystery and made me want to know more and try to figure out everything that was going on. I didn’t know what to expect.There were some slow chapters and some parts I didn’t think were key to the story. And I was a little confused by the way they spoke. I wasn’t sure at first, if the characters were British or if the story was set in the United States or England, but once I figured it out everything began to flow in the right direction.Definitely the last third of the book was the most exciting. At the end I was nearly screaming out in frustration because it leaves you wanting more, and many questions were unanswered. I, personally, can’t wait for the next installment.I laughed, and the story brought me to tears at some point. (I definitely didn’t see that one coming.) I felt like I was reading something similar to the TV show Supernatural – it reminds me a lot of this show and you gotta love Supernatural, don’t you? So definitely give Bloodlines a try and stick with it to the end because you won’t be disappointed.Show more', 'I very much enjoyed this book. Its a nice change from Vampires and the new Fallen angel craze that seems to be going on. I find this story to be very original. I can relate with the main Character Keira. She feels isolated and very alone at first, desperate to find out where she comes from, and to be around people who are like her. The other characters are very likeable and I do think Danny and Tyler sound rather hot. Shame they are ficticious. I dont want to spoil this book for anyone so i wont be going into to much detail. This book is for all ages although I expect it will be marketed to young adults. I am 33 and I loved it. I cant wait to read the next one. Hope it is out soon, I need to know whats happening.Show more', 'The sentences are a little choppy, but once you get past that, this book is actually amazing. It would have scored a 5 if it werent for the choppy parts.Keira is a likeable character, I liked her very much. The other main characters are great, all with their own thoughts and opinions. I dont like disclosing much about the storyline for fear of ruining the book for others, but I know I personally cannot wait for the next book.Show more', 'I’ve been meaning to add this review for a long time, but since I’ve just had my first child, I’ve not had the chance to do so until now. This book actually gets 4.5 stars from me. My gripe is the editing. However, I’ve read several times there was a ruckus about this and the Author is having the book redone with another publisher. GOOD idea, because the storyline is fantastic. It’s fresh, new, definitely different. As a new author, and still learning, your previous editor should have helped you a lot more, I do believe this has been said on another review. I am a writer myself, and when I started out I received a lot of help from my editor, she was fantastic and very supportive. This is only meant as support, not nastily, if the editor had done their job properly, I wouldn’t have been able to fault this story. So best of luck with the new publisher. The story definitely shows promise. The characters all have their own personalities, which for me is great, and none of them are boring. There is more than one POV which I love, and also the author doesn’t just concentrate on building backgrounds up for her two or three main characters, all of them are equally important and play a vital role in the story. I don’t spoil books for others by revealing the plot line too much, so this is what I will say. Bloodlines was a quick, and very entertaining read. The characters – well – you will either love them or hate them. Some of the men in the book I wish were real, lol, very yummy!! Keira, the main character left me a little indifferent. Sometimes I love her, her wit, sarcasm and general attitude were brilliant, but other times I wanted to strangle her. I don’t dislike her, and I understand why, in the story, she is how she is at the moment, but in the end, especially in a chapter called ‘Healer’ and the last few chapters of the book, she is nothing short of AMAZING. SHE is the sort of person you would want as your friend and ally. She totally kicks arse and I can’t wait to see how she goes on. I have no idea what direction this story is going to go in, but I cannot wait for the next in the series, I will definitely be purchasing it. I will also be buying the new edit!!Show more', ""Ok so to be honest, I wasn't looking forward to reading this book after seeing some of the comments on here with regards to the editing. HOWEVER. I’m very glad I did, and this book is now one of my favourites of all time. The new version of this must read a lot better, since I couldn’t fault the editing at all. I hate spoilers with a passion; I like to read the book for myself. So with that in mind I will simplify this as much as possible. The story follows a young girl Keira, and her friend Lily, as they try to find out details of Keira’s ancestry. However, the girls end up in the middle of something neither one of them thought was possible. They gain new friends and allies, together, they are strong. There are many frights, lots of magic, fears, romance, friendship and tears. I let my partner read this book, and she was literally in tears at some points. What was nice to see (since at the moment a lot of the heroines out there are weak willed women who seem to love being pushed about – What a load of crap!) is that Keira is head strong. She isn’t afraid to use what she is to her advantage. She will fight, and not take any shit from anyone. That was one of the best things about the book. The other characters are pretty darn cool. I especially like Danny, and a character who comes in later in the book, (who my partner, I think, is in love with) Eligos. I hope we learn more about both of these in the next instalment. I would recommend this to anyone who is a lover of urban fantasy, paranormal, magic, demons etc, but most of all, to those who LIKE SOMETHING... DIFFERENT and a KICK BUTT HEROINE!Show more"", ""This book needs to win an award for originality.There are mixed reviews about this book, and some comments on the editing. I agree the sentences are choppy at times, but I urge people to look past this and actually pay attention to the storyline, since of course, we read the book for the story, the feelings you get when you read, the bond you feel with the characters, and feeling as though you are beside the character going through everything they go through.Of course if your just an editor in the making, or wish you were, then don't read the book. I suppose your so busy looking for errors and something to moan about that you wouldn't know what the book was about once you had finished it anyway. However, if you want to feel everything i said above, then this is the book for you. Its very atmospheric, I got creeped out, I laughed out loud at some of the sarcasm, and cried like a baby at one part two. I was on the edge of my seat reading the last few chapters, I even had butterflies. Whilst you are reading you feel as though you are in the middle of a movie and everything is going on around you. This obviously is my own opinion, but if you get the chance to read this book, then do so. You wont be disappointed.Can't wait for the second one. Does anyone know when it will be coming out?Show more"", ""I really enjoyed reading this book. Right from the first chapter. The story is different to what is out there at the moment, and it makes a refreshing change. The main character, Keira, is great. Not one of these needy helpless girls I've been reading about a lot lately. She has spunk. She is fiesty, and tough. Very nice.When you read the book you feel as though you are taking every step the characters take, all of which by the way, are very likeable. I have a couple of favourites and cant wait to see how the author developes their stories.I hope the next in the projected trilogy is out soon, I cannot wait to see what happens and what direction the story is going to go. Show more"", 'Fantastic first book, a bit of work needed on the editing. A fair few mistakes left in. But the storylines is great, the characters force you to love them. Looking forward to the rest of the series. ', 'I was a little slow getting into this book, but once I had read a few chapters I was caught by the mystery, the magic and, most especially, the characters. Keira is a prickly individual with quite a temper; it is rather entertaining to watch her flinging attackers left and right and into trees. Her best friend Lily, while not nearly as tough, is also no shrinking violet. She is unfailingly loyal and sweet. The contrast and friendship between them is very well done.As much as I liked watching Keira toss people around, the real fun started when she actually talked to them. Four of them were male, young and handsome. I could immediately see the potential for a good love triangle. Jake and Lily hit it off right away, which left the leader, Lucian, the joker, Tyler, and the one she started out hating, Danny. Since I liked them all (though Danny took some warming up to) I could tell this was going to be good. The interactions between the two new girls in town and the four boys that were as close as brothers was way to much fun to watch. I found myself enjoying the teasing more than the romance.I thought that the historical aspect of the story was interesting, with the guys and Keira descendants of five people involved in the Salem witchcraft trials. It added a nice depth to the tale.The twists and turns in this book lead to fights and mysterious visitations and culminate in a shocking attack and an ending that truly earns Ms. Kendal a place on my list of Evil Authors who write cliffhangers designed to leave you begging for more....oh yes, I liked this book. You should read it for yourself. :)Show more', 'Lindsay Anne Kendal did a fantastic job on this novel, and that took a lot for me to say, since I don\'t normally read this particular genre.The plot line is extremely intriguing and contains a quite unique take on the hidden history of the Salem witch trials and the resulting generational impact that the actions of those individuals originally involved had on their subsequent ""Bloodlines.""The main characters are immediately likable and the friendships that developed will make for interesting ties in the next books. The action is exciting and keeps your attention, yet it is written so well that the ""gore"" factor is not necessary, therefore, it is a perfect mixture for the target audience. Although I originally read this book to determine if it was appropriate reading material for my 13 year old daughter (which it is! - guess what she is getting for Christmas?) I am hooked on the storyline now, and will definitely purchase Torment soon, and Revelations when it is finished. You know, for my daughter. ;)Show more', 'I have to say I am team Lucian...Tyler kind of bugs the crap out of me. As for the rest of the story...hmmm....I havent read a book about that in a while so it was refreshing, although it felt like I was reading the book version on The Covenant. My only complaint is the amount of characters and the depth they lack. It seemed like they talked about Lily, the best friend more than anyone, so i hope in Torment we get to know the other characters better. And like I said, I hope it turns in to something with Lucien and Keira and not Keira and one of the 4 other guys that seem to want her/she wants, I am kind of tired of the whole triangle/quad love thing now a days and just want to see a heroine just want to be with one guy, especially when the book is more focused on everything else than the romance.Show more', ""A really great book mixing Demons and Witches ! I've always liked some stories about the Witches of Salem and these ones were very interesting ! I liked quickly the two main characters Lily and Kiera. They evolve all along the novel like sisters and it was a pleasure to follow their adventures. the story of Kiera and the one about her ancestors are very intriguing, and we're caught in a few tome in the story. Mon avis completMy english reviewShow more"", 'I think this book that she had wrote was ver very nice..this was the first time read a book like almost 24 hours of reading..i really love the storyline and the conflicts they had between each other..and i love the way they cared for each other and loved each other..i read the book so many times..i hope she will write a boook that is also as interesting as this book..Show more', ""Bloodlines is really good and i recommend you either borrow from the library and never return it or buy it. i haven't even finished the book and i am already amazed... on the first page there already something gripping to read, it will leave you reading for hours and my your heart beat fast... u almost feel like your in the book.... just amazing! Show more"", 'liked this book a lot. something different is always a treat to read. I believe Lindsay Anne Kendal is a first time author. Well I wish you all the best in your writing career, and I cant wait to read the next installment.', 'I wasn\'t sure what to expect from this book, but have been wanting to read it for a while now. I got sucked in right form page one and never let go. Bloodlines is an exciting story about some young adults that are in the process of discovering their magical powers that have been passed down from generations before them. Now they need to find out where the power originated from and what to do with it.Bloodlines has so many interesting plots and twists I can\'t even begin to name my favorite. The author has you cheering for one romance and then ten pages later wondering if another route would be better. I love stories like that. When I first started reading I thought ""Secret Circle"", but WOW I was so wrong. This book has everything and any paranormal lover would love it. The author is great with her action and leaving the reader saying \'just one more chapter\'. For those readers that are picky about editing, you will be pleased. This book is very well edited with only one or two typos. Now I did have a few little grips, but really nothing major. I found that some of the terms/slang used were not suited for this book. The story takes place in Salem and the author is from the UK. Now not that there is anything wrong with the words used, I just think they are more commonly used in the UK than in the US. I haven\'t met many Young adults/teens that use words like rubbish, or fancy. Some of the other words are right, set off and cuddle. All perfectly good words, just used a little different here. Sometimes I found this distracting and it would pull me out of the story a little. Not a huge deal though because one sentence later I was sucked back in. Lindsay Anne Kendal has done an amazing job of creating her own world and making the vision come to life on the page. There were a few spots I wish she had used more description, but that could have made for a very long book. The flow was perfectly paced and when I did have to put this book down, all I could think about was when can I read more.Lastly, I love first person narrative but it can be difficult to pull off sometimes. The author has done a great job of pulling this off. I did find a few areas where I felt the story was being told rather than shown to me, but really who cares? This was a great story and I loved it so much I had to begin the second book Torment the following day.This is a great book you don\'t want to miss out on. The story Ms. Kendal has created is amazing and I love her visions on magic, heaven, hell and friendship. Pick up Bloodlines today and get swept away into a new realm you probably never wanted to visit before. Show more', ""Keira Jameson, after the death of her grandfather, decides to find out where some comes from and how it is she came in the powers that she has. With her best friend, Lily, by her side she leaves West Chester, Pa and head to Salem, Ma. Paying for a cheap hotel for a week, the friends begin to visit different areas of Salem hoping to get answers to some of the clues Keira found in her grandfather's papers. What they find instead are a group of boys (I guess young men) who seem to follow Keira and Lily everywhere. It's not until a confrontation that Keira and Lily discover that the boys: Lucian, Jake, Danny and Tyler are descendents of the town founding fathers, and Keira is the missing 5th bloodline they've been searching for.Soon the six of them are inseparable but they discover that the five bloodline descendents need to work together to to fight the coming event bent on starting a demon war and destroying them.This one had such potential. You could see where the author wanted to go, but it just never quite made it there. Keira was a strong girl who had to deal with losing the one person who loved her as much as her deceased father (that person being her grandfather) and then finding out that she is part of 5 families that has been persecuted during the witch trials possibly because of the otherworldy gifts they had. She's determined to find out who she is and how she got that way. She's a heroine most would enjoy rooting for (even if the plot sometimes makes you wonder why she's in that book). Even when she spends a large portion of the book being torn between Lucian and Tyler, you want her to do whatever makes her happy and be with the one that lets her be herself. But it's the rest of the cast and sometimes the plot that had me scratching my head. Lucian, Tyler, Danny and Jake were supposed to have these powers that were going to help protect whatever was coming to Salem (along with Keira), but they just seemed so wishywashy sometimes it made you wonder if they would knock Keira or poor Lily out of the way to take cover themselves. And all of them instantly becoming best of friends 5 minutes after they figured out who Keira was didn't seem believable either. That said, the last 40-50 pages had me sucked and squeezing my kindle and praying I could read faster so I could move onto the next book in the series to see what happens. Sure it took 240 pages to get me to care about what was going on, but once I was there I needed to know what happened.So while this wasn't an absolute favorite of mine, I will give it credit for sucking me in at the end and making me need to find out what happens next.Show more"", 'I really enjoyed this book. A lot happens in it and at the same time, you want even more to happen because you want to find out more about the histories of the families. There are so many unanswered questions and at first that frustrated me, but as the book goes on I think Lindsay does a really nice job of spreading out the answers that she reveals. It was not too slow, but at the same time you only got enough information to keep you on the edge of your seat and engaged in the book. I loved getting to know the four guys and their families. They are all so different, but work so well together. What makes this book unique is that it is a witch book, with family magic but no covens. I have not read too many books like that. Ok let\'s talk characters. More specifically, let\'s talk guys. I like all 4 of the guys but Jake is taken by someone else right away so he is out of the romantic picture. That leaves 3 guys- Lucian, Tyler, and Danny. I have always been 100% on team Tyler. I just love him, and I think he is the best one out of the four for Keira. He always sticks up for her and he trusts her completely. I just think he is adorable. Keira goes back and forth between the two guys throughout the book and honestly it was a little frustrating for her to just not pick one already! One thing that did bug me a little bit about the book was the use of british terms. And that is only because it didn\'t fit with the location. The story takes place in the United States so the british slang seemed a bit off. I also didn\'t like hearing references to all these manly men ""giggling"". But other than that, I absolutely loved the book. I couldn\'t wait to start reading the second one and I am already half way done with Torment (book 2). I\'m going to be talking more about Keira in my review of the second book, but just know this...she can kick some serious butt! Bloodlines was a riveting read, and I couldn\'t get enough of it. This looks like it is going to be a really good series. Show more', ""Bloodlines By Lindsay Anne Kendal “Keira Jameson used to lead a normal life, she just had a gift, passed down through the generations of her family. Now, after hearing voices, having strange dreams of others calling out to her, and her grandfather's last words haunting her, she sets out to find other families like hers. Along with her best friend Lily, the only person outside her family to know about her gift, Keira begins a hunt for her ancestors. A chance meeting with a young man, Lucian Turner, sets them on the right track, but their discoveries change the way Keira will see herself for ever more. Fear, superstition and heritage are shaping Keira's future and she must face her enemies, even if this could mean losing her life. She cannot escape her destiny.Part Buffy-style horror, part tender romance, Bloodlines will have fans of the genre on tenterhooks waiting for the next instalment of this gripping and hell-raising tale.”Perhaps it sounds like a lazy excuse, but I really liked the already existing synopsis (I usually write my own.) It fit it well. Now, I’ll tackle the negatives real quick, drinking, smoking, explicit (not graphic) romance, suicide (um, sorta,) and cussing. All of these characters are of age, just thought I’d let you know. The suicide is…I can’t say because it’d give it away, but I feel like letting it slide, because…well, you’ll figure it out if you read it. However, this book was really original. (originality goes a long way with me.) I found Bloodlines (and Torment) extremely unique and different than most main characters. I love the supporting roles, and I love the dynamics the characters share. My favorite character is Eligos. He’s such a sweetie (don’t tell him that! He is a Lord in hell after all…) I feel like it’s totally worth it. (Interview with the authorlater!) Not to mention, the KILLER cliffhanger at the end of Torment. I’m jazzed to find out what’s next! http://www.rachelsbookreviews.com/#!_...Show more"", 'for a first novel i think this is fantastic............the plot is interesting the character personalities make you either love or hate them, which is great because i hate characters that leave you feeling indifferent. the story line leaves you guessing and is unique well done Lindsay xADDITIONAL REVIEW OF NEWLY EDITED VERSIONKiera knew she was different and after having strange dreams and hearing voices she felt the need to find her roots. Taking her friend Lily along with her they embark on an adventure that takes them to places and shows them things they could never imagine. They meet new friends and make new enemies on their journey to find Kieras ancestry.This is the newly edited and printed version of Bloodlines and the differences between this and the first draft are noticeable. The dialogue and terminology is more in keeping with American vocabulary and the new editor (Beth Price) has done a fantastic job in making this book a more marketable product.Kiera is a very strong headed girl, she knows exactly what she wants and she doesn’t suffer fools. Sometimes she is arrogant and once it’s made up she refuses to change her mind no matter what. When the girls meet up with a group of boys Jake, Tyler, Lucian and Danny things don’t go too smoothly. The boys feel threatened by Kiera and unsure about her reasons for being there but after a shaky start the six of them soon become firm friends and allies.This is a story of destiny, of long standing beliefs and legends. The detail and information shows Lindsay has a good knowledge of demons and all things ‘dark’. There are twists and turns in this the first of an exciting trilogy, with romance included and tonnes of action. The unanswered questions we are left with manage to keep us curious enough to count the days ‘till we get the next book.Show more', 'Keira is a not so normal girl trying to lead a normal life. She has some special gifts that only her best friend knows about. When her grandfather dies, she sets out to find some answers of her own. With Lily in tow, she goes to Salem to find out more about her heritage and her bloodline in order to understand her powers and how she is supposed to deal with it. What she finds in Salem is that she is surprising. Will she find the answers she has been looking for? Will she be able to fulfill her destiny?The plot and setting of Bloodlines has an air of originality around it and it was truly a refreshing experience. Keira is a strong character who can hold on her own. Actually she managed to make a few guys around her look like a couple of sissies. Lily is a true friend. Most girls would have run away from Keira once they found out about her special gifts. But Lily stuck with Keira no matter what. Her loyalty towards her friend is really nice. Lucian, Jake, Danny and Tyler have their own roles to play in the book. The twist and turns in this book are sometimes predictable and sometimes the leave with a wow effect. There’s action, there’s drama and there’s romance – what else can one ask for?There are a few weak spots though. Some things seem way too convenient and I would have liked to see a buildup in the friendship between Keira and the guys instead of the sudden ‘we are the BFFs’ sort. Having said all that, I still think that overall, this was quite a good read and worth the time!Show more', 'I bought this from B&N and it shows 1332 pages… weird it skipped 4 pages per flip on my Nook. hmm *sighed loudly*.I thought about the last time I read a book that big it took me a month (which was an Anne Rice book).. anyhoo I now know the book number was wrong.Your main character ‘Keira’ is a strong female with awesome powers. She has almost everything imaginable and I loved that.She has her friend and she doesn’t let anyone run over neither of them not even slightly. I was glad to see that as most female characters in other books tend to let men use them for sex objects and doormats but that doesn’t happen in this book.We start with a history that I have researched myself and that is the Salem witch trials. I thought it a cowink-kadink that I just read about Lilith in one of my recent reads so I wasn’t lost when she was introduced.I just loved the flow and imagination here. Kendal, You had me right there with them in Salem.So you have a girl with powers and her mundane friend come to Salem to learn more of her powers origination. They meet others like her in the Old Town. Soon she finds out she has a house there and with nothing demanding them back where they come from they started fresh here. (who wouldn’t love to do that)I just downloaded the 2nd book from B&N.. so off to read.. catch ya’ later.', ""I really wanted to like this book. There was so much potential with the plot and I was curious about the main character, Keira, right off the bat. But, unfortunately, the writing just couldn't match up with the ambition of the story.I think my biggest problem was with the dialogue. It was often contrived or being used as an info dump. The author is British, so some of the wording just didn't fit into how people would speak in Salem, Massachusetts. The male characters didn't speak like any 20-something American guys I've ever met. Perhaps it would have worked better if the characters were all 18, because none of them behaved as though they were in their mid-20s.From a structural point of view, the pace seemed to sag in the middle of the book. All of a sudden, the action stops and is replaced with three or four chapters of redecorating a house and talking about their relationships. While some of that information was important, it was too much all at once. The pink loveseat could have just been cut out without losing anything. In fact, the whole thing just made me less sympathetic to Keira, since she seemed awfully judgmental of her best friend for something that is so unimportant.Even though I liked where the plot was going, I doubt I will pick up the next book. Show more"", ""OK! This book is definitely UniqueI love the characters, all are well developed with their own stories and personalities. I'm also in love with Jake and Danny. They are now on my list of book boyfriends.Keira is a young girl with some amazing gifts that have been passed down through the generations. As a child she never wanted to know where the power she has came from. But now, after the death of her grandfather and realising there are other families like hers out there, some who are connected with her, she and her best friend Lily (such a lovely character) set off to find them. What they discover will change the way Keira will see herself, the people and the world around her forever. Full of suspense, heart racing battles, tender romance and strong friendship. Plus an ending that leaves you gagging for more, Lindsay Anne Kendal delivers her first masterpiece. I am now three chapters into the second enstallment, Torment. Wow!Show more"", ""DNFI was really looking forward to the book to be sorely disappointed, this was actually painful to read. My main beef with the book is Keira, I can understand the author trying to make the ideal female character but seriously, this woman is perfect! and there's nothing wrong with perfection except it makes it really hard for the reader to empathise and connect with the book. I knew I wouldn't like her the moment she described herself... no make up and athletic build without exercise? Please! Even Victoria secret models wouldn't be able to pull that off. she was just too damn perfect the fact that her powers were a lot more developed despite having almost no prior knowledge about them she is able to freaking heal the dying dads, something the other guys couldn't do even thought they've been practicing magic since eternitygah!maybe when I feel really motivated, I'll finish of the bookShow more""]"
767,Trinity,"Book I - Trinity of the Dark Legacy Cycle details the violent end of the Kai Order - an ancient, spiritual guild of warrior guardians and priestesses who have sworn their lives to protect the Oracle Queen of Atlantis - at the hands of Maniok, the being referred to as the ""Great Evil"" in the age-old Song of the Oracle King.It is a chronicle of Arkan, the last Kai guardian, and his desperate attempt to save the life of his priestess who carries his unborn son, and his escape from Atlantis.It is the story of Kieko, a lonely Lemurian boy of mixed blood who seeks to know more about his absent father's mysterious Atlantean past. Constantly bullied by Aiko, he eventually takes refuge with the village priest in the Kadek Temple where he studies medicinal and culinary arts, calligraphy, and ultimately, the art of Ki sword. Under the tutelage of the priest he comes to know the grim truth about his father, and is prepared to face the horrific assault of the armies of the Atlantean Empire upon his humble world.And this is just the beginning . . .",2011,Domenico Italo Composto-Hart,38,313,638,Fantasy,3.99,[]
768,Finale,"Nora and Patch thought their troubles were behind them. Hank is gone and they should be able to put his ugly vendetta to rest. But in Hank's absence, Nora has become the unwitting head of the Nephilim and must finish what Hank began. Which ultimately means destroying the fallen angels - destroying Patch.Nora will never let that happen, so she and Patch make a plan: lead everyone to believe they have broken up, and work the system from the inside. Nora will convince the Nephilim that they are making a mistake in fighting the fallen angels, and Patch will find out everything he can from the opposing side. They will end this war before it can even begin.But the best-laid plans often go awry. Nora is put through the paces in her new role and finds herself drawn to an addictive power she never anticipated.As the battle lines are drawn, Nora and Patch must confront the differences that have always been between them and either choose to ignore them or let them destroy the love they have always fought for.",2012,Becca Fitzpatrick,9165,166419,454,Fantasy,4.13,[]
769,Becoming,"In a life filled with meaning and accomplishment, Michelle Obama has emerged as one of the most iconic and compelling women of our era. As First Lady of the United States of America—the first African American to serve in that role—she helped create the most welcoming and inclusive White House in history, while also establishing herself as a powerful advocate for women and girls in the U.S. and around the world, dramatically changing the ways that families pursue healthier and more active lives, and standing with her husband as he led America through some of its most harrowing moments. Along the way, she showed us a few dance moves, crushed Carpool Karaoke, and raised two down-to-earth daughters under an unforgiving media glare.  In her memoir, a work of deep reflection and mesmerizing storytelling, Michelle Obama invites readers into her world, chronicling the experiences that have shaped her—from her childhood on the South Side of Chicago to her years as an executive balancing the demands of motherhood and work, to her time spent at the world’s most famous address. With unerring honesty and lively wit, she describes her triumphs and her disappointments, both public and private, telling her full story as she has lived it—in her own words and on her own terms. Warm, wise, and revelatory, Becoming is the deeply personal reckoning of a woman of soul and substance who has steadily defied expectations—and whose story inspires us to do the same.",2018,Michelle Obama,63957,933646,426,Nonfiction,4.48,[]
770,Forgotten Lore,"This book is for all lovers of strange and mysterious tales from out of the mists of history. This series is a modest attempt to bring to the world some of the endless weird and wonderful stories, which have been lost and left out of the history books. Our team goes to great lengths to find the most bizarre and inspiring stories, from out of the forgotten archives and hidden vaults of the world. This second volume of the series includes five of our best. They are presented to the public here for the first time, and are sure to delight the history buff or any lover of weird and wonderful tales.",2015,Alexei Maxim Russell,2,29,344,Fantasy,4.10,[]
771,MaddAddam,"A man-made plague has swept the earth, but a small group survives, along with the green-eyed Crakers – a gentle species bio-engineered to replace humans. Toby, onetime member of the Gods Gardeners and expert in mushrooms and bees, is still in love with street-smart Zeb, who has an interesting past. The Crakers’ reluctant prophet, Snowman-the-Jimmy, is hallucinating; Amanda is in shock from a Painballer attack; and Ivory Bill yearns for the provocative Swift Fox, who is flirting with Zeb. Meanwhile, giant Pigoons and malevolent Painballers threaten to attack. Told with wit, dizzying imagination, and dark humour, Booker Prize-winning Margaret Atwood’s unpredictable, chilling and hilarious MaddAddam takes us further into a challenging dystopian world and holds up a skewed mirror to our own possible future.",2013,Margaret Atwood,5777,72313,394,Fiction,4.01,[]
772,Seeing,"On election day in the capital, it is raining so hard that no one has bothered to go out to vote. The politicians are growing jittery. Should they reschedule the elections for another day? Around three o' clock, the rain finally stops. Promptly at four, voters rush to the polling stations, as if they had been ordered to appear.But when the ballots are counted, more than 70 percent are blank. The citizens are rebellious. A state of emergency is declared. But are the authorities acting too precipitously? Or even blindly? The word evokes terrible memories of the plague of blindness that hit the city four years before, and of the one woman who kept her sight. Could she be behind the blank ballots? A police superintendent is put on the case.What begins as a satire on governments and the sometimes dubious efficacy of the democratic system turns into something far more sinister. A singular novel from the author of Blindness.",2004,José Saramago,2160,24487,307,Fiction,3.84,[]
773,Requiem,"Now an active member of the resistance, Lena has transformed. The nascent rebellion that was underway in Pandemonium has ignited into an all-out revolution in Requiem, and Lena is at the center of the fight. After rescuing Julian from a death sentence, Lena and her friends fled to the Wilds. But the Wilds are no longer a safe haven. Pockets of rebellion have opened throughout the country, and the government cannot deny the existence of Invalids. Regulators infiltrate the borderlands to stamp out the rebels.As Lena navigates the increasingly dangerous terrain of the Wilds, her best friend, Hana, lives a safe, loveless life in Portland as the fiancée of the young mayor.Requiem is told from the perspectives of both Lena and her friend Hana. They live side by side in a world that divides them until, at last, their stories converge.",2013,Lauren Oliver,13738,143392,391,Young Adult,3.74,[]
774,44 Scotland Street,"44 SCOTLAND STREET - Book 1The residents and neighbors of 44 Scotland Street and the city of Edinburgh come to vivid life in these gently satirical, wonderfully perceptive serial novels, featuring six-year-old Bertie, a remarkably precocious boy—just ask his mother.  Welcome to 44 Scotland Street, home to some of Edinburgh's most colorful characters. There's Pat, a twenty-year-old who has recently moved into a flat with Bruce, an athletic young man with a keen awareness of his own appearance. Their neighbor, Domenica, is an eccentric and insightful widow. In the flat below are Irene and her appealing son Bertie, who is the victim of his mother’s desire for him to learn the saxophone and italian–all at the tender age of five.Love triangles, a lost painting, intriguing new friends, and an encounter with a famous Scottish crime writer are just a few of the ingredients that add to this delightful and witty portrait of Edinburgh society, which was first published as a serial in The Scotsman newspaper.",2005,Alexander McCall Smith,2695,24332,325,Fiction,3.61,[]
775,Crank,"In Crank, Ellen Hopkins chronicles the turbulent and often disturbing relationship between Kristina, a character based on her own daughter, and the ""monster,"" the highly addictive drug crystal meth, or ""crank."" Kristina is introduced to the drug while visiting her largely absent and ne'er-do-well father. While under the influence of the monster, Kristina discovers her sexy alter-ego, Bree: ""there is no perfect daughter, / no gifted high school junior, / no Kristina Georgia Snow. / There is only Bree."" Bree will do all the things good girl Kristina won't, including attracting the attention of dangerous boys who can provide her with a steady flow of crank.",2004,Ellen Hopkins,8851,138257,537,Young Adult,4.16,[]
776,Amatore's Restaurant,"It is the end of another successful year for the Recreative Theatre Company and the cast have arranged to meet at Ristorante Amatore for their end-of-season dinner.As the evening progresses, each guest recalls a past sexual liaison. In these recollections we are transported to a variety of locations; the rolling countryside of Brittany to the brown cafés of Amsterdam, from the grandeur of Venice to the slums of Marseilles. The stories describe various situations: Prudence relates her encounters on a train journey and Colin makes a surprising discovery when he settles down to watch his favourite film. Some characters are driven by self-interest: the sociopath Nicole with her reckless behaviour towards her trusting nephew, and Colette who takes advantage of her unsuspecting tenant. A common theme unfolds: the hidden truths behind the motives for seduction. As the evening comes to a close, old alliances are re-kindled, new attachments are formed, while others are broken. Frustrations rise to the surface as truths are revealed. For some the evening is a great success, for others a disaster.WARNING: Adult content; there are passages which describe sex explicitly.",2014,James Sillwood,40,93,344,Fiction,4.17,[]
777,The Zombie Room,"An unlikely bond is forged between three men from very different backgrounds when they serve time together in prison. A series of wrong turns and disastrous life choices has led to their incarceration. Following their release, Mangle, Decker and Tazeem stick together as they return to a life of crime, embarking on a lucrative scam. But when they stumble upon a sophisticated sex-trafficking operation, they soon realise that they are in mortal danger. The disappearance of a family member and the murder of a dear friend lead the three to delve deeper into a world of violence and deception. In their quest for retribution and justice, they put their lives on the line. Their paths cross with that of Tatiana, who has left her home country for a better life in the West—or so she thinks. She soon realises she is in the hands of ruthless, violent people, who run an operation supplying girls to meet the most deviant desires of rich and powerful men. Will she survive the horrors of The Zombie Room? Are Mangle, Decker and Tazeem brave enough to follow her there, in an attempt to set her free?",2012,R.D. Ronald,382,27830,241,Thriller,3.74,[]
778,Engleby,"Bestselling British author Sebastian Faulks reinvents the unreliable narrator with his singular, haunting creation—Mike Engleby.""My name is Mike Engleby, and I'm in my second year at an ancient university."" With that brief introduction we meet one of the most mesmerizing, singular voices in a long tradition of disturbing narrators. Despite his obvious intelligence and compelling voice, it is clear that something about solitary, odd Mike is not quite right. When he becomes fixated on a classmate named Jennifer Arkland and she goes missing, we are left with the looming question: Is Mike Engleby involved? As he grows up, finding a job and even a girlfriend in London, Mike only becomes more and more detached from those around him in an almost anti-coming-of-age. His inability to relate to others and his undependable memory (able to recall countless lines of text yet sometimes incapable of summoning up his own experiences from mere days before) lead the reader down an unclear and often darkly humorous path where one is never completely comfortable or confident about what is true.Mike Engleby is a chilling and unforgettable character, and Engleby is a novel that will surprise and beguile Sebastian Faulks' readership.",2007,Sebastian Faulks,756,9273,319,Fiction,3.75,[]
779,Blood Rites,"For Harry Dresden, Chicago's only professional wizard, there have been worse assignments than going undercover on the set of an adult film. Dodging flaming monkey poo, for instance. Or going toe-to-leaf with a walking plant monster. Still, there is something more troubling than usual about his newest case. The film's producer believes he's the target of a sinister entropy curse, but it's the women around him who are dying, in increasingly spectacular ways.Harry is doubly frustrated because he got involved with this bizarre mystery only as a favor to Thomas, his flirtatious, self-absorbed vampire acquaintance of dubious integrity. Thomas has a personal stake in the case Harry can't quite figure out, until his investigation leads him straight to Thomas' oversexed vampire family. Harry is about to discover that Thomas' family tree has been hiding a shocking secret; a revelation that will change Harry's life forever.Cover Art Lee MacLeod",2004,Jim Butcher,3729,124140,372,Fantasy,4.30,[]
780,The Twelve,"In his internationally bestselling and critically acclaimed novel The Passage, Justin Cronin constructed an unforgettable world transformed by a government experiment gone horribly wrong. Now the scope widens and the intensity deepens as the epic story surges forward with The Twelve. In the present day, as the man-made apocalypse unfolds, three strangers navigate the chaos. Lila, a doctor and an expectant mother, is so shattered by the spread of violence and infection that she continues to plan for her child’s arrival even as society dissolves around her. Kittridge, known to the world as “Last Stand in Denver,” has been forced to flee his stronghold and is now on the road, dodging the infected, armed but alone and well aware that a tank of gas will get him only so far. April is a teenager fighting to guide her little brother safely through a landscape of death and ruin. These three will learn that they have not been fully abandoned—and that in connection lies hope, even on the darkest of nights. One hundred years in the future, Amy and the others fight on for humankind’s salvation...unaware that the rules have changed. The enemy has evolved, and a dark new order has arisen with a vision of the future infinitely more horrifying than man’s extinction. If the Twelve are to fall, one of those united to vanquish them will have to pay the ultimate price.",2012,Justin Cronin,7973,95536,568,Horror,4.02,[]
781,The Iron King,"Meghan Chase has a secret destiny; one she could never have imagined.Something has always felt slightly off in Meghan's life, ever since her father disappeared before her eyes when she was six. She has never quite fit in at school or at home.When a dark stranger begins watching her from afar, and her prankster best friend becomes strangely protective of her, Meghan senses that everything she's known is about to change.But she could never have guessed the truth - that she is the daughter of a mythical faery king and is a pawn in a deadly war. Now Meghan will learn just how far she'll go to save someone she cares about, to stop a mysterious evil, no faery creature dare face; and to find love with a young prince who might rather see her dead than let her touch his icy heart.",2010,Julie Kagawa,13011,207893,363,Fantasy,3.88,[]
782,The Storyteller,"Some stories live forever . . .Sage Singer is a baker. She works through the night, preparing the day’s breads and pastries, trying to escape a reality of loneliness, bad memories, and the shadow of her mother’s death. When Josef Weber, an elderly man in Sage’s grief support group, begins stopping by the bakery, they strike up an unlikely friendship. Despite their differences, they see in each other the hidden scars that others can’t, and they become companions.Everything changes on the day that Josef confesses a long-buried and shameful secret—one that nobody else in town would ever suspect—and asks Sage for an extraordinary favor. If she says yes, she faces not only moral repercussions, but potentially legal ones as well. With her own identity suddenly challenged, and the integrity of the closest friend she’s ever had clouded, Sage begins to question the assumptions and expectations she’s made about her life and her family. When does a moral choice become a moral imperative? And where does one draw the line between punishment and justice, forgiveness and mercy?In this searingly honest novel, Jodi Picoult gracefully explores the lengths we will go in order to protect our families and to keep the past from dictating the future",2013,Jodi Picoult,18395,199438,461,Fiction,4.28,[]
783,The Seven Husbands of Evelyn Hugo,"Aging and reclusive Hollywood movie icon Evelyn Hugo is finally ready to tell the truth about her glamorous and scandalous life. But when she chooses unknown magazine reporter Monique Grant for the job, no one is more astounded than Monique herself. Why her? Why now?Monique is not exactly on top of the world. Her husband has left her, and her professional life is going nowhere. Regardless of why Evelyn has selected her to write her biography, Monique is determined to use this opportunity to jumpstart her career.Summoned to Evelyn’s luxurious apartment, Monique listens in fascination as the actress tells her story. From making her way to Los Angeles in the 1950s to her decision to leave show business in the ‘80s, and, of course, the seven husbands along the way, Evelyn unspools a tale of ruthless ambition, unexpected friendship, and a great forbidden love. Monique begins to feel a very real connection to the legendary star, but as Evelyn’s story near its conclusion, it becomes clear that her life intersects with Monique’s own in tragic and irreversible ways.",2017,Taylor Jenkins Reid,197025,2005369,389,Fiction,4.46,[]
784,Crooked Kingdom,"Welcome to the world of the Grisha.Kaz Brekker and his crew of deadly outcasts have just pulled off a heist so daring even they didn't think they'd survive. But instead of divvying up a fat reward, they're right back to fighting for their lives.Double-crossed and badly weakened, the crew is low on resources, allies, and hope. As powerful forces from around the world descend on Ketterdam to root out the secrets of the dangerous drug known as jurda parem, old rivals and new enemies emerge to challenge Kaz's cunning and test the team's fragile loyalties.A war will be waged on the city's dark and twisting streets - a battle for revenge and redemption that will decide the fate of the Grisha world.",2016,Leigh Bardugo,58977,521023,561,Fantasy,4.61,[]
785,Nation,"Alone on a desert island — everything and everyone he knows and loves has been washed away in a storm — Mau is the last surviving member of his nation. He’s completely alone — or so he thinks until he finds the ghost girl. She has no toes, wears strange lacy trousers like the grandfather bird, and gives him a stick that can make fire.Daphne, sole survivor of the wreck of the Sweet Judy, almost immediately regrets trying to shoot the native boy. Thank goodness the powder was wet and the gun only produced a spark. She’s certain her father, distant cousin of the Royal family, will come and rescue her but it seems, for now, that all she has for company is the boy and the foul-mouthed ship’s parrot, until other survivors arrive to take refuge on the island. Together, Mau and Daphne discover some remarkable things (including how to milk a pig, and why spitting in beer is a good thing), and start to forge a new nation.Encompassing themes of death and nationhood, Terry Pratchett’s new novel is, as can be expected, extremely funny, witty and wise. Mau’s ancestors have something to teach us all. Mau just wishes they would shut up about it and let him get on with saving everyone’s lives!",2008,Terry Pratchett,3110,34757,367,Fantasy,4.10,[]
786,The Sympathizer,"It is April 1975, and Saigon is in chaos. At his villa, a general of the South Vietnamese army is drinking whiskey and, with the help of his trusted captain, drawing up a list of those who will be given passage aboard the last flights out of the country. The general and his compatriots start a new life in Los Angeles, unaware that one among their number, the captain, is secretly observing and reporting on the group to a higher-up in the Viet Cong. The Sympathizer is the story of this captain: a man brought up by an absent French father and a poor Vietnamese mother, a man who went to university in America, but returned to Vietnam to fight for the Communist cause. A gripping spy novel, an astute exploration of extreme politics, and a moving love story, The Sympathizer explores a life between two worlds and examines the legacy of the Vietnam War in literature, film, and the wars we fight today.",2015,Viet Thanh Nguyen,10419,101983,371,Fiction,4.00,[]
787,102 Minutes,"The dramatic and moving account of the struggle for life inside the World Trade Center on the morning of September 11, when every minute counted At 8:46 am on September 11, 2001, 14,000 people were inside the twin towers-reading e-mails, making trades, eating croissants at Windows on the World. Over the next 102 minutes, each would become part of a drama for the ages, one witnessed only by the people who lived it-until now. Of the millions of words written about this wrenching day, most were told from the outside looking in. ""New York Times"" reporters Jim Dwyer and Kevin Flynn have taken the opposite-and far more revealing-approach. Reported from the perspectives of those inside the towers, ""102 Minutes"" captures the little-known stories of ordinary people who took extraordinary steps to save themselves and others. Beyond this stirring panorama stands investigative reporting of the first rank. An astounding number of people actually survived the plane impacts but were unable to escape, and the authors raise hard questions about building safety and tragic flaws in New York's emergency preparedness. Dwyer and Flynn rely on hundreds of interviews with rescuers, thousands of pages of oral histories, and countless phone, e-mail, and emergency radio transcripts. They cross a bridge of voices to go inside the infernos, seeing cataclysm and heroism, one person at a time, to tell the affecting, authoritative saga of the men and women-the nearly 12,000 who escaped and the 2,749 who perished-as they made 102 minutes count as never before. ""102 Minutes"" is a 2005 National Book Award Finalist for Nonfiction.",2005,Jim  Dwyer,1214,10133,322,Nonfiction,4.28,[]
788,Small Favor,"THE New York Times BestsellerHarry Dresden's life finally seems to be calming down -- until a shadow from the past returns. Mab, monarch of the Sidhe Winter Court, calls in an old favor from Harry -- one small favor that will trap him between a nightmarish foe and an equally deadly ally, and that will strain his skills -- and loyalties -- to their very limits.",2008,Jim Butcher,2993,104594,545,Fantasy,4.44,[]
789,White Night,"Wizard Harry Dresden must investigate his own flesh and blood when a series of killings strike Chicago’s magic practitioners in this novel in the #1 New York Times bestselling series.Someone is targeting the members of the city’s supernatural underclass—those who don’t possess enough power to become full-fledged wizards. Some have vanished. Others appear to be victims of suicide. But now the culprit has left a calling card at one of the crime scenes—a message for Harry Dresden. Harry sets out to find the apparent serial killer, but his investigation turns up evidence pointing to the one suspect he cannot possibly believe guilty: his half-brother, Thomas. To clear his brother’s name, Harry rushes into a supernatural power struggle that renders him outnumbered, outclassed, and dangerously susceptible to temptation. And Harry knows that if he screws this one up, people will die—and one of them will be his brother...",2007,Jim Butcher,2943,114247,407,Fantasy,4.39,[]
790,The Monsters of Templeton,"""The day I returned to Templeton steeped in disgrace, the fifty-foot corpse of a monster surfaced in Lake Glimmerglass."" So begins The Monsters of Templeton, a novel spanning two centuries: part a contemporary story of a girl's search for her father, part historical novel, and part ghost story, this spellbinding novel is at its core a tale of how one town holds the secrets of a family. In the wake of a wildly disastrous affair with her married archeology professor, Willie Upton arrives on the doorstep of her ancestral home in Templeton, New York, where her hippie-turned-born-again-Baptist mom, Vi, still lives. Willie expects to be able to hide in the place that has been home to her family for generations, but the monster's death changes the fabric of the quiet, picture-perfect town her ancestors founded. Even further, Willie learns that the story her mother had always told her about her father has all been a lie: he wasn't the random man from a free-love commune that Vi had led her to imagine, but someone else entirely. Someone from this very town. As Willie puts her archaeological skills to work digging for the truth about her lineage, she discovers that the secrets of her family run deep. Through letters, editorials, and journal entries, the dead rise up to tell their sides of the story as dark mysteries come to light, past and present blur, old stories are finally put to rest, and the shocking truth about more than one monster is revealed.",2008,Lauren Groff,2890,20504,384,Fiction,3.62,[]
791,Prey,"In the Nevada desert, an experiment has gone horribly wrong. A cloud of nanoparticles -- micro-robots -- has escaped from the laboratory. This cloud is self-sustaining and self-reproducing. It is intelligent and learns from experience. For all practical purposes, it is alive.It has been programmed as a predator. It is evolving swiftly, becoming more deadly with each passing hour.Every attempt to destroy it has failed.And we are the prey.",2002,Michael Crichton,3982,172232,507,Fiction,3.77,[]
792,The Elephant Tree,"Mark Fallon is an overworked detective investigating a spate of attacks at a string of high profile city centre nightclubs. Scott is a dejected 24 year old struggling to make ends meet working for his brother and supplementing his income with a small-scale drug dealing operation. Angela is an attractive 23 year old, raised by her father, a career criminal and small time drug dealer who supplies Scott with cannabis. This is a chilling tale spanning a few months in the lives of Scott and Angela, where realizations about the present combine with shocking revelations from the past leading to an apocalyptic climax where they no longer know whom they can trust.",2010,R.D. Ronald,417,26622,252,Thriller,3.69,[]
793,On the Jellicoe Road,"I'm dreaming of the boy in the tree. I tell him stories. About the Jellicoe School and the Townies and the Cadets from a school in Sydney. I tell him about the war between us for territory. And I tell him about Hannah, who lives in the unfinished house by the river. Hannah, who is too young to be hiding away from the world. Hannah, who found me on the Jellicoe Road six years ago.Taylor is leader of the boarders at the Jellicoe School. She has to keep the upper hand in the territory wars and deal with Jonah Griggs—the enigmatic leader of the cadets, and someone she thought she would never see again.And now Hannah, the person Taylor had come to rely on, has disappeared. Taylor's only clue is a manuscript about five kids who lived in Jellicoe eighteen years ago. She needs to find out more, but this means confronting her own story, making sense of her strange, recurring dream, and finding her mother—who abandoned her on the Jellicoe Road.The moving, joyous and brilliantly compelling new novel from the best-selling, multi-award-winning author of Looking for Alibrandi and Saving Francesca.",2006,Melina Marchetta,7195,49396,290,Young Adult,4.12,[]
794,Code Name Verity,"Oct. 11th, 1943 - A British spy plane crashes in Nazi-occupied France. Its pilot and passenger are best friends. One of the girls has a chance at survival. The other has lost the game before it's barely begun. When ""Verity"" is arrested by the Gestapo, she's sure she doesn't stand a chance. As a secret agent captured in enemy territory, she's living a spy's worst nightmare. Her Nazi interrogators give her a simple choice: reveal her mission or face a grisly execution. As she intricately weaves her confession, Verity uncovers her past, how she became friends with the pilot Maddie, and why she left Maddie in the wrecked fuselage of their plane. On each new scrap of paper, Verity battles for her life, confronting her views on courage and failure and her desperate hope to make it home. But will trading her secrets be enough to save her from the enemy? Harrowing and beautifully written, Elizabeth Wein creates a visceral read of danger, resolve, and survival that shows just how far true friends will go to save each other. Code Name Verity is an outstanding novel that will stick with you long after the last page.",2012,Elizabeth Wein,15752,111877,452,Historical Fiction,4.02,[]
795,The Places in Between,"In January 2002 Rory Stewart walked across Afghanistan-surviving by his wits, his knowledge of Persian dialects and Muslim customs, and the kindness of strangers. By day he passed through mountains covered in nine feet of snow, hamlets burned and emptied by the Taliban, and communities thriving amid the remains of medieval civilizations. By night he slept on villagers' floors, shared their meals, and listened to their stories of the recent and ancient past. Along the way Stewart met heroes and rogues, tribal elders and teenage soldiers, Taliban commanders and foreign-aid workers. He was also adopted by an unexpected companion-a retired fighting mastiff he named Babur in honor of Afghanistan's first Mughal emperor, in whose footsteps the pair was following. Through these encounters--by turns touching, confounding, surprising, and funny--Stewart makes tangible the forces of tradition, ideology, and allegiance that shape life in the map's countless places in between.",2004,Rory Stewart,1644,16171,299,Travel,3.93,[]
796,Y The Last Man Vol. 1,"""Y"" is none other than unemployed escape artist Yorick Brown (his father was a Shakespeare buff), and he's seemingly the only male human left alive after a mysterious plague kills all Y-chromosome carriers on earth. But why are he and his faithful companion, the often testy male monkey Ampersand, still alive? He sets out to find the answer (and his girlfriend), while running from angry female Republicans (now running the government), Amazon wannabes that include his own sister (seemingly brainwashed), and other threats.",2003,Brian K. Vaughan,3305,113328,130,Graphic Novels,4.08,[]
797,A Long Way Down,"In his eagerly awaited fourth novel, New York Times-bestselling author Nick Hornby mines the hearts and psyches of four lost souls who connect just when they've reached the end of the line. Meet Martin, JJ, Jess, and Maureen. Four people who come together on New Year's Eve: a former TV talk show host, a musician, a teenage girl, and a mother. Three are British, one is American. They encounter one another on the roof of Topper's House, a London destination famous as the last stop for those ready to end their lives. In four distinct and riveting first-person voices, Nick Hornby tells a story of four individuals confronting the limits of choice, circumstance, and their own mortality. This is a tale of connections made and missed, punishing regrets, and the grace of second chances. Intense, hilarious, provocative, and moving, A Long Way Down is a novel about suicide that is, surprisingly, full of life. What's your jumping-off point? MaureenWhy is it the biggest sin of all? All your life you're told that you'll be going to this marvelous place when you pass on. And the one thing you can do to get you there a bit quicker is something that stops you getting there at all. Oh, I can see that it's a kind of queue-jumping. But if someone jumps the queue at the post office, people tut. Or sometimes they say ""Excuse me, I was here first."" They don't say ""You will be consumed by hellfire for all eternity."" That would be a bit strong. MartinI'd spent the previous couple of months looking up suicides on the Internet, just out of curiosity. And nearly every single time, the coroner says the same thing: ""He took his own life while the balance of his mind was disturbed."" And then you read the story about the poor bastard: His wife was sleeping with his best friend, he'd lost his job, his daughter had been killed in a road accident some months before . . . Hello, Mr. Coroner? I'm sorry, but there's no disturbed mental balance here, my friend. I'd say he got it just right. JessI was at a party downstairs. It was a shit party, full of all these ancient crusties sitting on the floor drinking cider and smoking huge spliffs and listening to weirdo space-out reggae. At midnight, one of them clapped sarcastically, and a couple of others laughed, and that was it-Happy New Year to you, too. You could have turned up to that party as the happiest person in London, and you'd still have wanted to jump off the roof by five past twelve. And I wasn't the happiest person in London anyway. Obviously. JJNew Year's Eve was a night for sentimental losers. It was my own stupid fault. Of course there'd be a low-rent crowd up there. I should have picked a classier date-like March 28, when Virginia Woolf took her walk into the river, or November 25 (Nick Drake). If anybody had been on the roof on either of those nights, the chances are they would have been like-minded souls, rather than hopeless f*ck-ups who had somehow persuaded themselves that the end of a calendar year is in any way significant.",2005,Nick Hornby,5436,85675,368,Fiction,3.43,[]
798,Words of Radiance,"Words of Radiance, Book Two of the Stormlight Archive, continues the immersive fantasy epic that The Way of Kings began.Expected by his enemies to die the miserable death of a military slave, Kaladin survived to be given command of the royal bodyguards, a controversial first for a low-status ""darkeyes."" Now he must protect the king and Dalinar from every common peril as well as the distinctly uncommon threat of the Assassin, all while secretly struggling to master remarkable new powers that are somehow linked to his honorspren, Syl.The Assassin, Szeth, is active again, murdering rulers all over the world of Roshar, using his baffling powers to thwart every bodyguard and elude all pursuers. Among his prime targets is Highprince Dalinar, widely considered the power behind the Alethi throne. His leading role in the war would seem reason enough, but the Assassin's master has much deeper motives.Brilliant but troubled Shallan strives along a parallel path. Despite being broken in ways she refuses to acknowledge, she bears a terrible burden: to somehow prevent the return of the legendary Voidbringers and the civilization-ending Desolation that will follow. The secrets she needs can be found at the Shattered Plains, but just arriving there proves more difficult than she could have imagined.Meanwhile, at the heart of the Shattered Plains, the Parshendi are making an epochal decision. Hard pressed by years of Alethi attacks, their numbers ever shrinking, they are convinced by their war leader, Eshonai, to risk everything on a desperate gamble with the very supernatural forces they once fled. The possible consequences for Parshendi and humans alike, indeed, for Roshar itself, are as dangerous as they are incalculable.",2014,Brandon Sanderson,17700,294053,1087,Fantasy,4.76,[]
799,The Blade Itself,"Logen Ninefingers, infamous barbarian, has finally run out of luck. Caught in one feud too many, he’s on the verge of becoming a dead barbarian – leaving nothing behind him but bad songs, dead friends, and a lot of happy enemies. Nobleman Captain Jezal dan Luthar, dashing officer, and paragon of selfishness, has nothing more dangerous in mind than fleecing his friends at cards and dreaming of glory in the fencing circle. But war is brewing, and on the battlefields of the frozen North they fight by altogether bloodier rules. Inquisitor Glokta, cripple turned torturer, would like nothing better than to see Jezal come home in a box. But then Glokta hates everyone: cutting treason out of the Union one confession at a time leaves little room for friendship. His latest trail of corpses may lead him right to the rotten heart of government, if he can stay alive long enough to follow it. Enter the wizard, Bayaz. A bald old man with a terrible temper and a pathetic assistant, he could be the First of the Magi, he could be a spectacular fraud, but whatever he is, he's about to make the lives of Logen, Jezal, and Glokta a whole lot more difficult. Murderous conspiracies rise to the surface, old scores are ready to be settled, and the line between hero and villain is sharp enough to draw blood.",2006,Joe Abercrombie,13084,215693,515,Fantasy,4.20,[]
800,The Shock Doctrine,"In her ground-breaking reporting from Iraq, Naomi Klein exposed how the trauma of invasion was being exploited to remake the country in the interest of foreign corporations. She called it ""disaster capitalism."" Covering Sri Lanka in the wake of the tsunami, and New Orleans post-Katrina, she witnessed something remarkably similar. People still reeling from catastrophe were being hit again, this time with economic ""shock treatment"" losing their land and homes to rapid-fire corporate makeovers. The Shock Doctrine retells the story of the most dominant ideology of our time, Milton Friedman's free market economic revolution. In contrast to the popular myth of this movement's peaceful global victory, Klein shows how it has exploited moments of shock and extreme violence in order to implement its economic policies in so many parts of the world from Latin America and Eastern Europe to South Africa, Russia, and Iraq. At the core of disaster capitalism is the use of cataclysmic events to advance radical privatization combined with the privatization of the disaster response itself. By capitalizing on crises, created by nature or war, Klein argues that the disaster capitalism complex now exists as a booming new economy, and is the violent culmination of a radical economic project that has been incubating for fifty years.",2007,Naomi Klein,3399,45092,558,Nonfiction,4.26,[]
801,Blood Song,"“The Sixth Order wields the sword of justice and smites the enemies of the Faith and the Realm.”Vaelin Al Sorna was only a child of ten when his father left him at the iron gate of the Sixth Order. The Brothers of the Sixth Order are devoted to battle, and Vaelin will be trained and hardened to the austere, celibate, and dangerous life of a Warrior of the Faith. He has no family now save the Order.Vaelin’s father was Battle Lord to King Janus, ruler of the unified realm. Vaelin’s rage at being deprived of his birthright and dropped at the doorstep of the Sixth Order like a foundling knows no bounds. He cherishes the memory of his mother, and what he will come to learn of her at the Order will confound him. His father, too, has motives that Vaelin will come to understand. But one truth overpowers all the rest: Vaelin Al Sorna is destined for a future he has yet to comprehend. A future that will alter not only the realm, but the world.",2011,Anthony Ryan,4487,81711,591,Fantasy,4.42,[]
802,The Tenth Circle,"Fourteen-year-old Trixie Stone is in love for the first time. She's also the light of her father, Daniel's life -- a straight-A student; a pretty, popular freshman in high school; a girl who's always seen her father as a hero. That is, until her world is turned upside down with a single act of violence. Suddenly everything Trixie has believed about her family -- and herself -- seems to be a lie. Could the boyfriend who once made Trixie wild with happiness have been the one to end her childhood forever? She says that he is, and that is all it takes to make Daniel, a seemingly mild-mannered comic book artist with a secret tumultuous past he has hidden even from his family, venture to hell and back to protect his daughter.  With The Tenth Circle, Jodi Picoult offers her most powerful chronicle yet as she explores the unbreakable bond between parent and child, and questions whether you can reinvent yourself in the course of a lifetime -- or if your mistakes are carried forever.",back,Jodi Picoult,6021,126794,,Fiction,3.52,[]
803,Joyland,"College student Devin Jones took the summer job at Joyland hoping to forget the girl who broke his heart. But he wound up facing something far more terrible: the legacy of a vicious murder, the fate of a dying child, and dark truths about life - and what comes after - that would change his world forever.A riveting story about love and loss, about growing up and growing old - and about those who don't get to do either because death comes for them before their time. It is at once a mystery, a horror story, and a bittersweet coming-of-age novel, one that will leave even the most hard-boiled reader profoundly moved.",2013,Stephen King,14448,145833,285,Horror,3.93,[]
804,Eleven on Top,"Stephanie Plum is thinking her career as a fugitive apprehension agent has run its course. She's been shot at, spat at, cussed at, fire-bombed, mooned, and attacked by dogs. Stephanie thinks it's time for a change. So she quits. She wants something safe and normal. But the kind of trouble she had at the bail bonds office can't compare to the kind of trouble she finds herself facing now...Stephanie is stalked by a maniac returned from the grave for the sole purpose of putting her into a burial plot of her own. He's killed before, and he'll kill again if given the chance. Caught between staying far away from the bounty hunter business and staying alive, Stephanie reexamines her life and the possibility that being a bounty hunter is the solution rather than the problem. After disturbingly brief careers at the button factory, Kan Klean Dry Cleaners, and Cluck-in-a-Bucket, Stephanie takes an office position in security, working for Ranger, the sexiest, baddest bounty hunter and businessman on two continents. Tempers and temperatures rise as competition ratchets up between the two men in her life -- her on-again, off-again boyfriend, tough Trenton cop Joe Morelli, and her boss, Ranger. Can Stephanie Plum take the heat? Can you?",back,Janet Evanovich,2245,106921,,Mystery,4.16,[]
805,Blackamoores,"Do we imagine English history as a book with white pages and no black letters in? We sometimes think of Tudor England in terms of gaudy costumes, the court of Henry VIII and Elizabeth I and perhaps Shakespearian romance. Onyeka's book acknowledges this predilection but challenges our perceptions. Onyeka's book is about the presence, status and origins of Africans in Tudor England. In it Onyeka argues that these people were present in cities and towns throughout England, but that they did not automatically occupy the lowest positions in Tudor society. This is important because the few modern historians who have written about Africans in Tudor England suggest that they were all slaves, or transient immigrants who were considered as dangerous strangers and the epitome of otherness. However, this book will show that some Africans in England had important occupations in Tudor society, and were employed by powerful people because of the skills they possessed. These people seem to have inherited some of their skills from the multicultural societies that they came from, but that does not mean all of those present in England were born in other countries: some were born in England. The arguments in this book are supported by evidence from a variety of sources both manuscript and printed, most of which has not been widely discussed - whilst some of it Onyeka has discovered, and this may be the first time that it has been revealed. Other evidence is taken from texts that are the subject of popular discussion by historians, linguists and so on, but Onyeka encourages the reader to re-examine these works in a different way because they reveal information about the presence, status and origins of Africans in Tudor England.",2013,Onyeka,26,98,463,History,4.31,[]
806,A Constellation of Vital Phenomena,"A brilliant debut novel that brings to life an abandoned hospital where a tough-minded doctor decides to harbor a hunted young girl, with powerful consequences.In the final days of December 2004, in a small rural village in Chechnya, eight-year-old Havaa hides in the woods when her father is abducted by Russian forces. Fearing for her life, she flees with their neighbor Akhmed—a failed physician—to the bombed-out hospital, where Sonja, the one remaining doctor, treats a steady stream of wounded rebels and refugees and mourns her missing sister. Over the course of five dramatic days, Akhmed and Sonja reach back into their pasts to unravel the intricate mystery of coincidence, betrayal, and forgiveness that unexpectedly binds them and decides their fate.With The English Patient's dramatic sweep and The Tiger's Wife's expert sense of place, Marra gives us a searing debut about the transcendent power of love in wartime, and how it can cause us to become greater than we ever thought possible.",2013,Anthony Marra,7188,52389,416,Fiction,4.11,[]
807,Heist Society,"When Katarina Bishop was three, her parents took her on a trip to the Louvre…to case it. For her seventh birthday, Katarina and her Uncle Eddie traveled to Austria…to steal the crown jewels. When Kat turned fifteen, she planned a con of her own—scamming her way into the best boarding school in the country, determined to leave the family business behind. Unfortunately, leaving “the life” for a normal life proves harder than she’d expected.Soon, Kat's friend and former co-conspirator, Hale, appears out of nowhere to bring Kat back into the world she tried so hard to escape. But he has a good reason: a powerful mobster has been robbed of his priceless art collection and wants to retrieve it. Only a master thief could have pulled this job, and Kat's father isn't just on the suspect list, he is the list. Caught between Interpol and a far more deadly enemy, Kat’s dad needs her help.For Kat, there is only one solution: track down the paintings and steal them back. So what if it's a spectacularly impossible job? She's got two weeks, a teenage crew, and hopefully just enough talent to pull off the biggest heist in her family's history--and, with any luck, steal her life back along the way.",2010,Ally Carter,5467,91957,287,Young Adult,3.91,[]
808,After Dark,"In After Dark—a gripping novel of late night encounters—Murakami’s trademark humor and psychological insight are distilled with an extraordinary, harmonious mastery.Nineteen-year-old Mari is waiting out the night in an anonymous Denny’s when she meets a young man who insists he knows her older sister, thus setting her on an odyssey through the sleeping city. In the space of a single night, the lives of a diverse cast of Tokyo residents—models, prostitutes, mobsters, and musicians—collide in a world suspended between fantasy and reality. Utterly enchanting and infused with surrealism, After Dark is a thrilling account of the magical hours separating midnight from dawn.",2004,Haruki Murakami,11077,145764,191,Fiction,3.74,[]
809,Shakespeare,"At first glance, Bill Bryson seems an odd choice to write this addition to the Eminent Lives series. The author of 'The Life and Times of the Thunderbolt Kid' isn't, after all, a Shakespeare scholar, a playwright, or even a biographer. Reading 'Shakespeare The World As Stage', however, one gets the sense that this eclectic Iowan is exactly the type of person the Bard himself would have selected for the task. The man who gave us 'The Mother Tongue' and 'A Walk in the Woods' approaches Shakespeare with the same freedom of spirit and curiosity that made those books such reader favorites. A refreshing take on an elusive literary master.",2007,Bill Bryson,3454,43739,199,Nonfiction,3.81,[]
810,Those Who Leave and Those Who Stay,"In this third Neapolitan novel, Elena and Lila, the two girls whom readers first met in My Brilliant Friend, have become women. Lila married at sixteen and has a young son; she has left her abusive husband and now works as a common laborer. Elena has left the neighborhood, earned her college degree, and published a successful novel, all of which have opened the doors to a world of learned interlocutors and richly furnished salons. Both women have pushed against the walls of a prison that would have seen them living a life of misery, ignorance, and submission. They are afloat on the great sea of opportunities that opened up during the nineteen-seventies. Yet they are still very much bound to each other by a strong, unbreakable bond.",2013,Elena Ferrante,7773,129739,418,Fiction,4.33,[]
811,The Sword of Summer,"Magnus Chase has seen his share of trouble. Ever since that terrible night two years ago when his mother told him to run, he has lived alone on the streets of Boston, surviving by his wits, staying one step ahead of the police and the truant officers.One day, Magnus learns that someone else is trying to track him down—his uncle Randolph, a man his mother had always warned him about. When Magnus tries to outmaneuver his uncle, he falls right into his clutches. Randolph starts rambling about Norse history and Magnus's birthright: a weapon that has been lost for thousands of years.The more Randolph talks, the more puzzle pieces fall into place. Stories about the gods of Asgard, wolves, and Doomsday bubble up from Magnus's memory. But he doesn't have time to consider it all before a fire giant attacks the city, forcing him to choose between his own safety and the lives of hundreds of innocents. . . .Sometimes, the only way to start a new life is to die.",2015,Rick Riordan,14611,194746,499,Fantasy,4.24,[]
812,Winter of the World,"Winter of the World picks up right where the first book left off, as its five interrelated families—American, German, Russian, English, Welsh—enter a time of enormous social, political, and economic turmoil, beginning with the rise of the Third Reich, through the Spanish Civil War and the great dramas of World War II, up to the explosions of the American and Soviet atomic bombs.Carla von Ulrich, born of German and English parents, finds her life engulfed by the Nazi tide until she commits a deed of great courage and heartbreak. . . . American brothers Woody and Chuck Dewar, each with a secret, take separate paths to momentous events, one in Washington, the other in the bloody jungles of the Pacific. . . . English student Lloyd Williams discovers in the crucible of the Spanish Civil War that he must fight Communism just as hard as Fascism. . . . Daisy Peshkov, a driven American social climber, cares only for popularity and the fast set, until the war transforms her life, not just once but twice, while her cousin Volodya carves out a position in Soviet intelligence that will affect not only this war—but the war to come.These characters and many others find their lives inextricably entangled as their experiences illuminate the cataclysms that marked the century. From the drawing rooms of the rich to the blood and smoke of battle, their lives intertwine, propelling the reader into dramas of ever-increasing complexity.",ity.,Ken Follett,8780,150654,,Historical Fiction,4.36,[]
813,The Weight of Silence,"It happens quietly one August morning. As dawn's shimmering light drenches the humid Iowa air, two families awaken to find their little girls have gone missing in the night.Seven-year-old Calli Clark is sweet, gentle, a dreamer who suffers from selective mutism brought on by tragedy that pulled her deep into silence as a toddler.Calli's mother, Antonia, tried to be the best mother she could within the confines of marriage to a mostly absent, often angry husband. Now, though she denies that her husband could be involved in the possible abductions, she fears her decision to stay in her marriage has cost her more than her daughter's voice.Petra Gregory is Calli's best friend, her soul mate and her voice. But neither Petra nor Calli has been heard from since their disappearance was discovered. Desperate to find his child, Martin Gregory is forced to confront a side of himself he did not know existed beneath his intellectual, professorial demeanor.Now these families are tied by the question of what happened to their children. And the answer is trapped in the silence of unspoken family secrets.",2008,Heather Gudenkauf,4249,44280,373,Fiction,3.94,[]
814,The Magicians' Guild,"""We should expect this young woman to be more powerful than our average novice, possibly even more powerful than the average magician.""This year, like every other, the magicians of Imardin gather to purge the city of undesirables. Cloaked in the protection of their sorcery, they move with no fear of the vagrants and miscreants who despise them and their work-—until one enraged girl, barely more than a child, hurls a stone at the hated invaders...and effortlessly penetrates their magical shield.What the Magicians' Guild has long dreaded has finally come to pass. There is someone outside their ranks who possesses a raw power beyond imagining, an untrained mage who must be found and schooled before she destroys herself and her city with a force she cannot yet control.",2001,Trudi Canavan,3173,80567,467,Fantasy,3.95,[]
815,Switched,"When Wendy Everly was six-years-old, her mother was convinced she was a monster and tried to kill her. It isn't until eleven years later that Wendy finds out her mother might've been telling the truth. With the help of Finn Holmes, Wendy finds herself in a world she never knew existed—and it's one she's not sure if she wants to be a part of.",2010,Amanda Hocking,7119,97805,304,Fantasy,3.87,[]
816,His Excellency,"To this landmark biography of our first president, Joseph J. Ellis brings the exacting scholarship, shrewd analysis, and lyric prose that have made him one of the premier historians of the Revolutionary era. Training his lens on a figure who sometimes seems as remote as his effigy on Mount Rushmore, Ellis assesses George Washington as a military and political leader and a man whose “statue-like solidity” concealed volcanic energies and emotions.Here is the impetuous young officer whose miraculous survival in combat half-convinced him that he could not be killed. Here is the free-spending landowner whose debts to English merchants instilled him with a prickly resentment of imperial power. We see the general who lost more battles than he won and the reluctant president who tried to float above the partisan feuding of his cabinet. His Excellency is a magnificent work, indispensable to an understanding not only of its subject but also of the nation he brought into being.",2004,Joseph J. Ellis,1362,40417,320,History,3.94,[]
817,The Undomestic Goddess,"Workaholic attorney Samantha Sweeting has just done the unthinkable. She’s made a mistake so huge, it’ll wreck any chance of a partnership. Going into utter meltdown, she walks out of her London office, gets on a train, and ends up in the middle of nowhere. Asking for directions at a big, beautiful house, she’s mistaken for an interviewee and finds herself being offered a job as housekeeper. Her employers have no idea they’ve hired a lawyer–and Samantha has no idea how to work the oven. She can’t sew on a button, bake a potato, or get the #@%# ironing board to open. How she takes a deep breath and begins to cope–and finds love–is a story as delicious as the bread she learns to bake. But will her old life ever catch up with her? And if it does…will she want it back?",2005,Sophie Kinsella,9250,286074,404,Chick Lit,3.85,[]
818,Bloodfever,"I used to think my sister and I were just two nice southern girls who’d get married in a few years and settle down to a quiet life. Then I discovered that Alina and I descend, not from good wholesome southern stock, but from an ancient Celtic bloodline of powerful sidhe-seers, people who can see the Fae. Not only can I see the terrifying otherworldly race, but I can sense the sacred Fae relics that hold the deadliest of their magic.When my sister was found dead in a trash-filled alley in Dublin, I came over to get answers. Now all I want is revenge. And after everything I’ve learned about myself, I know I have the power to get it….MacKayla Lane’s ordinary life underwent a complete makeover when she landed on Ireland’s shores and was plunged into a world of deadly sorcery and ancient secrets. In her fight to stay alive, Mac must find the Sinsar Dubh–a million-year-old book of the blackest magic imaginable, which holds the key to power over both the worlds of the Fae and of Man. Pursued by Fae assassins, surrounded by mysterious figures she knows she cannot trust, Mac finds herself torn between two deadly and irresistible men: V’lane, the insatiable Fae who can turn sensual arousal into an obsession for any woman, and the ever-inscrutable Jericho Barrons, a man as alluring as he is mysterious. For centuries the shadowy realm of the Fae has coexisted with that of humans. Now the walls between the two are coming down, and Mac is the only thing that stands between them.…",2007,Karen Marie Moning,5641,104908,303,Fantasy,4.25,[]
819,Cold Days,"You can't keep a good wizard down - even when he wants to stay that way.For years, Harry Dresden has been Chicago's only professional wizard, but a bargain made in desperation with the Queen of Air and Darkness has forced him into a new job: professional killer.Mab, the mother of wicked faeries, has restored the mostly-dead wizard to health, and dispatches him upon his first mission - to bring death to an immortal. Even as he grapples with the impossible task, Dresden learns of a looming danger to Demonreach, the living island hidden upon Lake Michigan, a place whose true purpose and dark potential have the potential to destroy billions and to land Dresden in the deepest trouble he has ever known - even deeper than being dead. How messed up is that?Beset by his new enemies and hounded by the old, Dresden has only twenty four hours to reconnect with his old allies, prevent a cataclysm and do the impossible - all while the power he bargained to get - but never meant to keep - lays siege to his very soul.Magic. It can get a guy killed.",2012,Jim Butcher,5128,95623,515,Fantasy,4.48,"['Did I mention that I got to read an early version of this a couple months ago?I did. I *so* did. Even in its rough form, it was awesome. Jim never ceases to amaze me. In closing, I know things that you do not. Wonderful things. Terrible things. For the rest of you, the book will be out in late November. patP.S. Muahahahahaha!Show more', 'I have a Booktube channel now! Subscribe here: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCRjh...4.5/5 starsCold Days once again established The Dresden Files as one of the most consistently good series out there.\n\n“I know it\'s not thematically in tune with my new job and all, but I find it effective. Build a man a fire and he\'s warm for a day,"" I say. ""But set a man on fire and he\'s warm for the rest of his life. Tao of Pratchett. I live by it.” \n\nBy this point in the series, you should know the drill already. If Harry Dresden received a mission from Mab, you know things are about to go incredibly bad for him and everyone involved. But here we are. Cold Days is the fourteenth book in The Dresden Files series by Jim Butcher, and I must say that I’m seriously enjoying the darker turn that the story takes. I’ve seen several readers voiced their complaints about the darker tone, but I have to say that I disagree; I’m enjoying it so much, and I think the series is all the better for it.\n\n‘“Bad things are inside everyone,” I said. “I don’t care how gentle or holy or sincere or dedicated you are. There are bad things in there. Lust. Greed. Violence. You don’t need a wicked queen to make that happen. That’s a part of everyone. Some more, some less, but it’s always there.”“You say that you were this wicked from the beginning?” Lily asked.“I’m saying I could have been,” I said. “I chose something else. And I’m going to continue choosing something else.”’ \n\nThere’s a lot of things I cannot talk about anymore on my review due to spoilers, and the things I can talk about will sound repetitive. I can’t avoid this, this is the fourteenth book in the series, after all. What I loved about Cold Days is Butcher explored the price of having too much power. This isn’t actually a new theme; it’s a recurring theme in the series, and as the stakes and danger that Harry and crew faced keep on escalating, it is not a surprise that Harry and his friends have to attain—and use—a much bigger power and magic than before. We know that Harry, at the core of his heart, is a good guy, and the same thing can be said for the rest of his friends. But more often than not, too much power changes characters. This is a theme that’s thoroughly pursued by Butcher in this book, and the moral struggle that Harry encountered felt real.\n\n “See, that’s the tragedy of the human condition. No one wants to be corrupted by power when they set out to get it. They have good, even noble reasons for doing whatever it is they do. They don’t want to misuse it, they don’t want to abuse it, and they don’t want to become vicious monsters. Good people, decent people, set out to take the high road, to pick up power without letting it change them or push them away from their ideals.But it keeps happening anyway.History is full of it. As a rule, people aren’t good at handling power. And the second you start to think you’re better at controlling your power than anyone else, you’ve already taken the first step.” \n\nThe biggest surprise for me in this installment is how much I enjoyed the action scenes. I think the only books in the series so far where I thoroughly enjoyed the actions were Dead Beat and Changes. The pacing is well-executed, the scale of the battles has exponentially increased, and the entire section in Demonreach and Lake Michigan was awesome. This is, once again, the fourteenth book of the series already, there’s no more time for repetitive mission-based detective solving and all that. Ever since Changes, I loved that I couldn’t predict the story too much anymore. Butcher’s writing still flows well, maybe even better than before, and the ending signified a bigger threat to come in the next installment. The only minor issue that didn’t really work for me is that the plot in Cold Days revolves heavily around the faeries of the series, and I’m not too much of a fan of faeries in my fantasy reads.\n\n“Because even if they are doing something immoral, I\'d be an idiot to start criticizing them for it if I wasn\'t perfect myself. Smoking is self-destructive. Drinking is self-destructive. Losing your temper and yelling at people is wrong. Lying is wrong. Cheating is wrong. Stealing is wrong. But people do that stuff all the time. Soon as I figure out how to be a perfect human being, then I\'m qualified to go lecture other people about how they live their lives.” \n\nNot much else to say, Cold Days is spectacular. I can’t believe that I’ve read fourteen books in the series; this is by far the biggest urban fantasy series I’ve read so far, and it’s astounding that I still find myself so engrossed by each installment. Harry Dresden has said it, a storm is coming in Skin Game, Harry’s life has drastically changed since the first installment, and I’m so pumped to find out what’s coming next.\n\n“Wizarding just isn’t what it used to be. Not so many years ago, I’d think it was a busy week if someone asked me to locate a lost dog or a wedding ring. It had been horribly boring. I’d had lots and lots of free time. I hadn’t been rich, but I’d gotten to buy plenty of books to read, and I’d never gone hungry. And no one had tried to kill me, or asked me to make a horrible choice. Not once. You never know what you have until it’s gone.Peace and quiet and people I love. Isn’t that what everyone wants?” \n\nYou can order the book from: Book Depository (Free shipping) | Bookshop (Support Local Bookstores!) You can find this and the rest of my reviews at Novel NotionsSpecial thanks to my Patrons on Patreon for giving me extra support towards my passion for reading and reviewing!My Patrons: Alfred, Alya, Annabeth, Devin, Diana, Hamad, Jimmy Nutts, Joie, Michelle, Mike, Miracle, Nicholas, Zoe.Show more', 'Fourteen books in - and with the slight nostalgic sigh I realize how much the stakes have been raised as this series flew ahead, never losing its way. We are playing with the big kids now, aren\'t we? And things get real.""Power corrupts - and the people being corrupted never seem to be aware that it\'s happening.""And things stopped being simple somewhere along the way, and have begun to weave themselves into a complex tapestry, tucking in the loose ends throughout the series, and the storyline has really shifted from the adventures of a smartass wisecracking Chicago PI who also happens to be a wizard, a small fish in a big pond, a guy who, often on pure nerve and defiance and a fair share of dumb luck, and not to forget a little help from his friends, managed to take on things and powers that were lightyears out of his league, while emerging seemingly unscathed. Remember those times?No, now that is in the past. Harry, no longer just a wiseass small fish in a big pond, has become a power to be truly reckoned with, playing on almost equal footing with the biggest supernatural powers of Butcher\'s world (but still, true to his nature, remains a wiseass). ""I was Harry Dresden, Wizard of the White Council, Knight of Winter. I had faced demons and monsters, fought off fallen angels and werewolves, slugged it out with sorcerers and cults and freakish things that had no names. I had fought upon land and sea, in the skies above my city, in ancient ruins and in realms of the spirit most of humanity did not know existed. I bore scars that I\'d earned in dozens of battles, made enemies out of nightmares, and laid low a dark empire for the sake of one little girl.""Fourteen books into this series - and I love Harry Dresden more than ever. Why? Because he, regardless of his ever-growing power and status, regardless of more than difficult and questionable choices that he has been making - the choices that have led to some unforeseen and often tragic consequences - firmly refuses to succumb to the temptations of power, firmly refuses to lose himself to it. And that is what this book, quite unsubtly but very satisfyingly, hammers into place.\n""But you can\'t go around changing your definition of right and wrong (or smart and stupid) just because doing the wrong thing happens to be really convenient. Sometimes it isn\'t easy to be sane, smart, and responsible. Sometimes it sucks[...] But that doesn\'t turn wrong into right or stupid into smart.""\nHarry has always been a romantic, believing in justice and honor and free will. And, hells bells, he is not just going to give up his beliefs now, even though he has roped himself into the role of a hired gun to Queen Mab, the enigmatic Baddie force of nature we have met before, in the quite chilly and scary circumstances. He made a deal, and he needs to live with the consequences of it. The Mantle of Winter Knight, while giving more power than one\'d think possible, comes with repercussions - it seems to draw out the worst in Harry, that has always been there but until now remained mostly under control. And Harry deals with it - at the same time as he\'s trying to save his hide and save the world, while he\'s at it. Also - Mr. Kringle a.k.a. Santa is not necessarily what you think he is. Sorry, couldn\'t resist.""See, that’s the tragedy of the human condition. No one wants to be corrupted by power when they set out to get it. They have good, even noble reasons for doing whatever it is they do. They don’t want to misuse it, they don’t want to abuse it, and they don’t want to become vicious monsters. Good people, decent people, set out to take the high road, to pick up power without letting it change them or push them away from their ideals.But it keeps happening anyway.History is full of it. As a rule, people aren’t good at handling power. And the second you start to think you’re better at controlling your power than anyone else, you’ve already taken the first step.""Power and desire to use it is what tries to take over Harry now - in a manner of true White Knight, I guess. I expected that to happen given the ending of the previous book - but I also expected this book to be about Harry figuring out a way to get out of his debt and obligation to the forces of questionable morality and principles. Well, that did not quite go just as I thought it would. Harry may wear the Mantle for a bit longer - but now I wonder if that is such a bad thing after all. ""I fell back on what I\'d learned then. I closed my eyes and took a few deep breaths, reminding myself that the anger was just anger, that it was a sensation, like feeling hot or cold. It didn\'t mean anything by itself. It wasn\'t a reason to act. That\'s what thinking was for.""Yes, there is price that comes with power - but more than ever I trust Harry\'s ability to retain just enough of his old self to be, well, himself. And he will need it, given how the unexpected ending (well, I expected some of it - but the implications of it were as unexpected as they could be! Molly!!!!) sets things up to continue on a much grander scale than we have been accustomed to so far. Butcher once again shuffles the chess pieces on the chess board of his Dresden universe, and few pawns are left standing - it\'s the game for the big players now, as he shuffles the main conflicts into the realm of the Faerie, or so it seems.""""Bad things kept happening to me. It was high fucking time *I* started happening to *them*.""\nAnd yet despite the elevation in ranks, Harry remains the same annoyingly but endearingly wisecracking guy, thriving on the nerdy references (""I sagged in sudden, exhausted relief. The bad guys hardly ever quote \'Star Wars.\'"") and mouthing off to everyone, no matter how much ancient power they may possess, no matter how much they outclass him. And I love it, okay? Especially when Butcher goes ahead and references Terry Pratchett, thus making my happiness truly complete:-----All in all, an excellent entry into the Dresden books series, living up to all the expectations the previous books have set - and yet remembering the roots of this series, and throwing its fans a bone here and there. It finally makes the mostly stand-alone books feel a part of an overarching story - the one about power and love and choices and consequences (and, of course, the Fae and the monsters and magic and crazy amounts of lovely dorkiness!) I love it, and I\'m holding my breath for the next installment in the series. 5 ice-cold Winter stars.-------------\n""It\'s better to know than not know,"" I said quietly.""Why?"" Mother Summer challenged.""Because you can\'t truly make a choice without knowledge, ma\'am.""""Even if it may haunt you? Harm you? Isolate you?""I thought about it some more and then said, ""Especially then. Show me.""\nShow more', 'Okay...takes deep breath...I\'m feeling alright at this time so I better get this reviewed before the cravings and shakes start again. I got the latest volume in Jim Butcher\'s Dresden series, and finished it. Now the waiting begins, the continual search for some book that\'s remotely like the Dresden books, nearly as involving ""brain candy"" as Dresden, something to stave off withdrawal. Many of us who follow these books live in great fear for Mr. Butcher. Will he be safe? How\'s his health? Maybe he should be kept in isolation, locked away in protective custody. No more risky activities such as camping in the woods or...horrors ""LARPING"". Oh I know he\'s free, this is to him a livelihood (or should that be ""lively hood""), a way to make a living an irk...job. At most, it\'s art. But YOU Mr. Butcher are the one who came up with smart ass err smart-alack wisecracking Harry Dresden. You wrote books that are so enthralling and well constructed, came up with the subtle hanging plot points, the other characters we care about, you\'re the one that has brought this about! Think of the plight of millions of readers who simply wait a year or a year and a half for the next book. Mr. Butcher....Jim....you\'re a junky dealer!!!!!!!Alright sigh you, my fellow Goodread\'s member came here for a review of the book. I will attempt it, though that gnawing hunger in my gut, the one we all know so well has started already.This is a fantastic read. I will recommend without reservation that you read this novel. Yes even if you pick it up with no background in Harry at all I think most will enjoy it...but oh my would you be short changing yourself. I\'ve loved the entire series, though as individual books there are some I\'d rate a little better than others (though I leave them all at a 5 star rating). This one however may just have nudged it\'s way to the top...or at least to the top 2 or 3 of the series. Harry\'s life, already complicated seems to find ways to just continue spiraling away and Harry continues to try and bring order out of the swirling chaos that surrounds him. This time the maelstrom is no easier to navigate through...or survive  though survival at this point may have another totally different connotation, as Harry has already been dead or at least ""mostly dead"" (yeah we know you got the reference) once. I won\'t give spoilers here (unmarked that is) and I\'m even being careful to dance far back from the edge in case readers look at this who haven\'t read this far in the series or for that matter, even started it. I will say that a few more running questions get answered here and a couple get answered in ways that simply open new questions. Some of us spotted things early on and saw some of these coming (and we feel so smug when JB\'s ideas are the ones we figured out) others probably surprise us (those we smile at, enjoy and so on, but don\'t talk about as much. Embarrassment.) All these things, the cast of characters and of course Harry himself keep us reading.I do want to say this. If you haven\'t read this series...stop whatever you\'re doing right now, even reading this amazing, enthralling, insightful review, and GET Storm Front. Drive to you\'re nearest book store...get the E book...download it from Audible, whatever you need to do. If you are a fan of fantasy, urban fantasy, action or even horror or noir/hard boiled detective fiction try these. The Dresden books or Dresden files books are almost unique in several ways. For one thing they can each be read as stand alone novels (the earlier ones more so than the last 2 or 3) yet in the ""background"" another story is building. The clues come a little at a time the pressure builds like a steam kettle on a stove with the heat set on low. It takes a while but it\'s going to happen. That\'s why even though each book can be enjoyed individually I strongly recommend, I beg you to start at the first novel and read them. Meet the people in and other characters in Harry\'s life. Follow the changing relationships enjoy the wiseass errr... wiseacre comments and humor. It\'s true that ""I think""...that is it\'s my opinion...that the books really begin to hit their stride in book 3 or 4. BUT that could mislead. I still rate book ""one"" a 5 star read. I mean it\'s like excellent and getting better. I love these books. (By the way Mr. Butcher, Jim I\'m 60 years old so don\'t take too long, okay?)Really, don\'t miss these. I give this book...I give these books my strongest, highest recommendation.  UPDATE Jan. 27, 2015 This was written the night after the book came out...but an update is called for!Mr. Butcher...Jim....another book series?!?!?!?!?! Didn\'t I make myself clear??? I\'m getting up there Jim, I\'m 62! How much longer can I have? Jim, please....consider us, your older readers. What if we shuffle off, take the big sleep, move on...pass away before you finish the series?Think of all those ticked off ghosts haunting you. Show more', ""Still freaking fantastic!! I was not expecting much from this book as the previous book was a huge disappointment for me. In fact I was scared that what if this proved to be worse than Ghost Story. But once I started reading this book I knew that I won't be disappointed this time and the series is back on track.Like in previous books, in this book too Harry has to complete a mission which is to kill an immortal. And if Harry is careless this time he would send the balance of world in a turmoil.Harry is always been strong mentally but his mental strength is truly tested in this book. He came so close to give in to evil but some how managed to survive. I have always liked this tug of war between Harry and Evil with bad people proposing lucrative offers to Harry to make him join them. Harry’s usual gang is back with him now helping him to fight the enemy and save the world. Thomas, Murphy, Molly and Toot-toot all playing crucial parts in this. throughout this book was a four star for me but last 6 chapters just snatch that precious last star from me and I had to give this book 5 stars. it was just so good. Once again hats off to Mr. Butcher for maintaining the story this interesting and full of surprises. With every book I think nothing can surpass this and the next book is just better than the previous (Ghost Story was an exception though!).this book has an amazing ending and I am going to pick the next book sooner than later.Show more"", 'I dream of an urban fantasy novel that celebrates humanity in its many shapes and backgrounds.I dream of an urban fantasy that integrates folklore, the myths of world cultures, the tricksters and thieves and intelligent life in many forms.I dream of kindness paying unexpected dividends.I dream of an urban fantasy that moves me, pushes my boundaries, questions my institutional beliefs as much as The Sparrow did, a book that left me an emotional wreck.I dream of an urban fantasy that doesn\'t make women out to be a collection of parts that inspire lasciviousness.I dream of an urban fantasy that passes the Bechdel test.In short, I dream of something besides the first eight chapters of Cold Days. Butcher isn\'t the only one, mind you. He\'s just the one that makes bestseller lists every time Dresden hiccups. *****Review thoughtsOrdinarily, I\'m not one that usually pays much attention to the ""show don\'t tell"" school of writing advice, but I immediately noticed how much of the book consists of Butcher/Dresden telling the reader about everything. Dude--you know it is book fourteen in a series, right? You don\'t need to describe the Chicago skyline. (Or maybe you do--this could by Anycity, U.S.A.). You also don\'t need to tell us what your apartment looked like, about Bob the skull, Butters\' job at the morgue, your creepy past feelings about Molly, your VW bug, how perfect Thomas\' body is, your preference for fire magic, leather dusters and charm bracelets or your soulfire--give us the action, how it feels and we\'ll figure it out. I confess I\'ve read the series with lackluster enthusiasm since book 8 or so, but never before have I been so convinced Dresden is an asshat. I wouldn\'t even friend him on Facebook, that\'s how much of an Equus posterior he is. Sure, some of that might be the Winter Knight persona showing through. But most of it is the same ol\' that\'s troubled him since book one. Like Rachel Morgan in Kim Harrison\'s witch series, character growth is glacial. In his continued ode to chauvinism, he admits he can\'t hit a woman, even if she\'s a psychopathic, possessed female who wants to start Armageddon.Correlated to the character issues is the development of Dresden assuming mantle of the Winter Knight, one of the crucial points of this book. The power of the mantle causes intense feelings of rage and lust--at least, Dresden frequently attributes it to the \'mantle.\' However, Butcher tells us a great deal about how \'calculating\' Winter is, how the chief aspect is a focus on logic, reasoning, and elaborate plotting based on calculating the odds, even gauging for emotional response. So why is Dresden\'s Winter aspect so prone to irrational rage and sexual rapaciousness? It felt inconsistent, and since significant plot points have to do with characteristics of the avatars of Summer and Winter fae courts, it was bothersome.As usual, I most appreciated the supporting mythical characters. I enjoyed Demonreach, the island\'s personification, and discovering the innermost workings of the island. Loved Odin. I rather liked the vicious Cat Sith. Butcher does a nice job of remaining true to the early folklore spirit of fae, their tricksy motives and inhuman ethics (although not pronunciation, natch). I liked Thomas\' brother relationship and calling Dresden out, although again, I felt like I had read that before. While I liked Molly\'s character change and confident maturity, it seemed a little sudden from the Molly I remembered. Granted Dresden\'s been gone at least 3 months during rehabilitation and somewhat longer during Ghost Story. But she seems like an entirely different person. I suspect her story is even more interesting... wish he could find someone to tell it.That said, I did find the storyline rather engaging, particularly in the last half of the book, when the expositionary hiccups were ironed out and it finally progressed into steady action. I will note that a couple of plot points annoyed me. One, and this is small but telling, Dresden spent an hour telling his friends about the varied ways blood can be used for tracking (because it\'s not like he hadn\'t already used it as a technique in other books--eyeroll). Conveniently, he still forgets this a few hours later. Two, the overall plot continues to be preventing Chicago from being wiped from the earth--as well as the earth from being wiped out by the Outsiders. This has been the penultimate threat in the last chunk of books (I can\'t be bothered to count how many, but definitely in Death Masks and White Knight), so it\'s a little repetitive.  Three, Dresden\'s internal conflict is pretty much a repetition of a number of other books in the series as well, especially in Death Masks, when he picks up the silver coin and is fighting to identify self versus non-self urges and thoughts. Writing remains uneven. Butcher continues his self-conscious writing, full of nudge-wink moments to the reader. There\'s a very out front moment where Harry admits he ""jokes under pressure"" that sounds a great deal like Butcher trying to answer critics\' irritation with wise-cracking heroes in their moment of confrontation. Dresden misses a Firefly reference from Bob. Presumably the humor comes from the reader being in on the joke, but it did throw me out of the story long enough to consider why Dresden persistently quotes Star Wars and Princess Bride and yet remains challenged by more recent geek-culture phenomenona. There\'s also an extremely awkwardly inserted ""Not That There\'s Anything Wrong With It"" conversation on some (male) gay sexuality that occurs in the Magic Hedge (!!!). It\'s very strange, non-sequitur and generally smacks of half-assed defensiveness. More than anything else, that threw me out of the story (and necessitated a quick trip to the opthamologist for an eye repair). One last note: there\'s a scene with Molly that is seriously disturbing, and not in a good way. I think authorial intentions--whatever they were--were a giant fail! If you read it, you know which one I mean. Her response it was so entirely inappropriate that it was clear the scene was... actually, I don\'t know what was clear about it. Was Butcher trying to show how evil the mantle is making Harry? How absolutely psychologically screwed up Molly is? Giving in to sheer authorial lecherousness? Please, any fans--explain it to me. There\'s no excuse in this series for a violent rape fantasy and the female being okay with it, unless it\'s a Mab ploy for some sort of bizarre ""turn-me-into-what-I hate,"" which honestly doesn\'t apply. That plus the ""Not That There\'s Anything Wrong With It"" homosexuality conversation make it a modern UF fail.Had Dresden not been so focused on his male organs, I might have considered 4 stars. However, his general obsession with ""possessing"" every female in sight (Mab, his physical therapist, Maeve, fae women, Molly, Murphy, Lily, etc), coupled with Butcher\'s general insistence of describing all females in the book in terms of sexual appeal (the two that weren\'t were clearly defined by their lack of appeal) makes this a library-only recommendation, and that mostly for Dresden fans. Two schwing! starsStar level decreased after re-evaluating the Molly scene I had tried to forget.Cross posted at http://clsiewert.wordpress.com/2013/0... with even more links!Show more', 'Updated 12/1/2012This is not really a proper review, but expanding on why I gave it 3 stars. It has spoilers, so don\'t bother reading if you haven\'t read the book.Honestly, I enjoyed the book because I am a huge fan of The Dresden Files, but that doesn\'t mean I am going to be biased and just rate everything 5 stars.I don\'t know if it\'s due to the different type of series I have been reading lately or not, but seeing Harry as the underdog yet again didn\'t sit well with me.I felt like he had to rely on his friends too often to save his butt in this book. There\'s nothing wrong with that, but Harry was already a very powerful wizard. By adding even more power with the winter mantle, I thought he was going to be a force to be reckon with.What happened was he ended up getting his butt kicked multiple times by individuals who should have been no match for him.The Little Folk? Ace the Changeling? Redcap? Being as strong as he should have been, I didn\'t expect these people to be obstacles in his way. Hell, the way he froze those fae at the beginning of the book only to shatter them into a million pieces was awesome. I had high hopes at that part.Another personal disappointment for me was the way he was reunited with everyone.The only reunion I really liked was with his brother, because it felt the most genuine to me. Thomas couldn\'t/wouldn\'t believe that his brother could still be alive. When he finally came to believe it was really him, it made me smile.We find out Molly already knew Harry was alive weeks ago, so their reunion felt really lackluster to me.Again the same thing happens with Murphy. Another lackluster reunion. This was the one I was really interested in too. She was grieving hard in Ghost Story and couldn\'t believe that the ghost was actually Harry. It wasn\'t until the end that she finally really accepted it was him, only to realize his ghost is now gone.In Cold Days, Harry is getting his butt kicked and Murphy pops out of no where to help him. After he\'s safe, they are chatting like him being alive is no big deal. ""Oh I followed the explosions I heard about on the police scanner, I figured they had to be you.""(paraphrasing). Really? I was really expecting much more than this. There was no shock on her part at all that he was alive.There were probably a few other parts of the book that bugged me, which is why I didn\'t give it 5 stars, but those ones stuck out for me.I really did enjoy it overall, but maybe I was just expecting the things above to happen exactly as I imagined they would.Learning about why the Gatekeeper is called the Gatekeeper was interesting. I completely forgot that there must be a reason for his name.There was more Toot in this book which I loved. His adoration for Lacuna(after realizing Hook was a female) was adorable. I believe he even gets her a jolly rancher, only to be sucker punched in the face. ""Wow!""We learnt more about Mac in this book, even if it wasn\'t much. We know he\'s not just some bartender now. I guess he will play a much larger role in a future book.Everything to do with Demonreach I loved reading about. The spirit of the island, the Well that Harry is now Warden of, the monsters that are imprisoned there. I thought Jim Butcher did a great job with the imagery.Anyways there\'s probably more I could say, but I\'m going to go read. -----------------------Wow, I am really looking forward to this book. The wait is dreadful. The last book \'Ghost Story\' was one of my favs of the entire series. I can\'t wait to see Harry in his new role as the WK. I especially can\'t wait for when Molly, Murphy and the rest of his friends realize he is alive. I teared up a lot during the last book (not afraid to admit it,a lot of it was sad), so I am really, really looking forward to Harry reuniting with everyone (even if his new role will probably make him feel like he has to stay away).In every book so far (that I can remember), it starts months and months after the last one has finished. Granted, Ghost Story did sort of start off immediately where Changes left off, but that was only from Harry\'s point of view, in reality 6 months had past.I REALLY hope Cold Days starts off IMMEDIATELY where Ghost Story ended. With Harry now the new Winter Knight, and Mab taking him to Faerie to introduce him as such to the Unseelie Court. I think that would make for a really good read.I will be disappointed if the book starts off 6 months later and all Harry\'s friends already know he\'s alive and working with the Sidhe. I want to ""be there"" for when they actually find out that he\'s not dead, not read about how they found out months ago.Crossing my fingers Jim Butcher doesn\'t disappoint!', ""This was certainly a Dresden novel. It was entertaining, up to a point.I feel like Butcher has lost control of the Dresden Files. This latest novel was overburdened with self-reference and pop-culture references. It creaks under the weight of established continuity.It's been clear for a few books that Butcher is attempting a sort of sleight-of-hand stasis for Harry, and with this book it goes into the deep end. Harry is no longer the plucky underdog fighting the good fight. He's now one of the movers and shakers of the magical world. Rather than deal with this and have it result in actual character growth, the magnitude of the opposition has continued to increase. That way Harry gets to be more badass while still basically behaving the same way as he always has.There was a sweet spot of 2 or 3 books where it looked like there was going to be more to Dresden than that, but it passed. I kept with it afterward because, like a brainless popcorn movie, it was fun. It's not much fun anymore.Show more"", ""By Far the best Dresden Files book since Summer Knight. A great recovery over the disappointing Ghost Story. Lots of new revelations. Can't wait for book 15 tho as Nicodemus is expected to be backRead my full review Cold Days Review"", 'First off, since when did ""training bra"" become one of Molly\'s tags? Because eww, gross, stop it. I get that this is supposed to convey how Harry still sees Molly as the child he first knew her as, but could we vary how he expresses this sentiment a little, please? And maybe stop dragging Molly through the mud while we\'re at it.This novel was okay. I wouldn\'t say this series jumped the shark yet, but it\'s veering precipitously on the edge. Here is everything I found wrong with this book. Spoilers galore. And this review ended up being kind of long. I have a lot of feelings, okay?Actually, maybe my first thought kind of sums a lot of it up. This novel got a lot more sleazy, with a lot of ""women as objects"" narrative throughout the book. I get that Harry is well into his own personal downward spiral and parts of this books were trying to show that, but it just didn\'t work for me.Twice we have women pretty well throwing themselves at Harry, and neither in a flattering way. Harry is alone with them, he starts thinking rape-y thoughts at them (which is a whole \'nother thing I\'ll get to in a sec), and instead of being alarmed or afraid or assuming some kind of defense or calling him out on it, we have both Sarissa and Molly, in pretty much the same manner, being okay with it. Sarissa doesn\'t necessarily want it, but she\'s passively accepted that it\'s her lot to get raped on occasion. Molly, on the other hand, basically tells him that hey, it\'s okay, it\'s not rape if I want you to. She actually says that he can think of it as a gift she\'s offering him. HE WAS JUST THINKING ABOUT RAPING HER. Without consent or logic, or any kind of concern for her safety or volition, let alone her pleasure. WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK.Many, many times throughout the book Harry has a thought process that goes something like: ""if I wanted to, I could totally rape Sarissa/Andi/Lily/Molly/random Sidhe right now and NOTHING THEY COULD DO WOULD STOP ME."" With Karrin it\'s violence, and he rather casually considers how easy it\'d be to kill her after slamming his hand into the door six inches from her face (she doesn\'t flinch at all, and is totally cool knowing that Dresden is thinking violent thoughts toward her and loves him anyway). When he doesn\'t start raping and killing women, we\'re supposed to think what, exactly? That Harry is such a good person? What control he has? And is this supposed to apply to all men - that the only reason they don\'t go around raping all the women is because it\'s not politically correct? It\'s almost like Nice Guy Syndrome™ gone mad - Harry has been so good and suffered so much, surely he deserves to go raping all the women as payback for everything he\'s gone through, but of course he\'s such a good martyr he won\'t do it, though he\'d really like to.You could go and blame all this on the mantle of Winter, except that Harry goes to greats pains to say it\'s not just the mantle of Winter: that every person has both good and bad in their hearts, and what matters is how you act on those notions. I\'ll grant that thinking about raping someone is not the same as raping them. Thoughts are not actions, nor do they bear the same weight as actions. But it was so gratuitous throughout the book and treated in such a blasé fashion that it was really nearly a deal-breaker for me, especially given the reactions of the recipients of these sorts of thoughts.The treatment of Molly. Good god. As if she needed another reason for Harry not to fuck her. And that\'s really all that comes down to. It\'s gotten to the point where I wonder if in the author\'s past there was a girl that he really wanted that he couldn\'t have and now he\'s punishing Molly for it. And I know, usually the point in the review where the reviewer starts attacking the author\'s character is where I stop reading, but it\'s become so blatant for me that it really does take me out of the book. It does seem really overly explicit by this point that the only thing Molly has going for her is her ability to be humiliated for wanting so badly to be with Harry and his refusing her, over and over, while everyone else knows it. Give the girl a break. I\'m not exactly a Harry/Molly shipper either, but the book goes out of its way to show how theoretically compatible they\'d be if not for Harry being such a good person or whatever (because he very clearly is attracted to her, training bra or not, and they have a ridiculous amount in common now). Making her the Winter Lady to his Winter Knight knowing he\'s still going to refuse her is just another slap in the face.Issues I had with this book not relating specifically to its treatment of women: a) Everyone glossing over not only Harry\'s death, but his suicide. Coming back from the dead should be a pretty big deal, but when Harry shows up and there\'s hardly any fall-out - the only person that has any kind of reaction is Thomas, but that only lasts a few pages and then he\'s pretty much over it. He\'s also the only one who explicitly figured out that it was suicide in the first place. Molly knows, obviously, as well as Kincaid since he was the one who shot him, but I\'m not sure if everyone else has pieced that together and how that would affect their relationship with Dresden. And what the hell is going on with Murphy, anyway? That was totally a cop-out (har har), and none of it rang true with me at all. Her reaction on his being alive (there wasn\'t really one), them again not dealing with anything, and having them not hook up after all that? I\'ve been waiting since the massive cock-block at the end of Changes, and I\'m not even a huge Harry/Karrin shipper. As much as I\'m against all the rape-y aspects of this book (of which there were many), I don\'t think sex is inherently bad or evil, and I think it could have been used as a means of healing for both these characters, something to restore them back to some semblance of normal rather than something to damage them further with (though I\'d need both Karrin and Harry to acknowledge/resolve his violence issues and know that she could and would freely kick his ass if it was required).b) Harry as an underdog. How is this still happening with all his massive powers as we sit here at book 14? He should be taking ass and kicking names by this point, but he\'s still made out to be this underdog at the whims of beings greater than he when in fact he really is a power player by now. And yet, he gets his ass kicked multiple times by people that he shouldn\'t be. Ace is a prime example. He was a bit player way back in ""Summer Knight"", and I\'ll grant that if Harry can level up over the series so can his enemies, but Ace is ultimately the same guy he was back then whose rage has just been simmering a really long time. That does not power make. Harry should have been able to take him out. Same goes for the Redcap, really. At Harry\'s party we got this first taste of Harry really flexing his new muscle when he obliterates an ogre and then a random Sidhe, and then we don\'t see that for the rest of the book.c) Too much exposition. This has always been a problem with the Dresden books, with Harry breaking up a scene for several pages to explain the metaphysics of how magic works or how love conquers all or blah blah blah. It slows down the place like whoa and is majorly boring. These areas need more red pen. The pacing of this book was awkward in general.d) This may be a small thing, but I hated all the swearing in this book. I always thought it was kind of cute how all the swearing in the other books was alluded to rather than explicitly stated. It was part of how Harry operated, to a point, his world-view, and now he\'s dropping f-bombs and waving his middle finger all over the place. I know he died and more or less sold his soul and has enough baggage to pack the Titanic, but I\'m not sure that this change really makes sense to me. And I have no issue with swearing in general, but it doesn\'t fit the previous books or with Harry\'s character in general. But then, neither do all the rape thoughts. Maybe that\'s the point, but if you want Harry to become this horrible person so that he can redeem himself later I can\'t help feeling it could have been done better.Now, there were things I did like about this book (Toot, Lacuna, Cat Sith, Thomas in general), but I\'ll leave this here. Will still be reading the next one.Show more', ""Rerererererererereread updateno change in rating, damn fantastic book. Late Dresden just kinda does everything well. This book is probably the second or third most bonkers novel in the series. 9.3/10You don't become my most reread series by collecting bottle capsShow more"", 'Reread 2020.Hell, yeah!“I don’t know how or when, exactly. But there’s a storm coming. Being near me isn’t going to be … sane.”Normally when I read a story, they follow a sort of pattern: second half gets more action than first half; between 75 -85 %, the peak of the action and then a slow descent to the conclusion. But it appears no-one told Jim Butcher!This book was fantastic and the action was non stop. This series seems to be getting better and better!This story opens the world of Harry Dresden even wider and he, again as the under dog, back again with his friends around him, struggle to complete a seemingly impossible task.Interestingly too, we see the further struggle for Harry between what it means to be good or evil when you have so much power.Recommended as a superlative urban fantasy. But start at the beginning!Show more', ""Harry Dresden is back from near death after being saved by Mab the Winter Queen after he agreed to take on the mantle of her Winter Knight. He is trying hard to not let the power that goes with that role corrupt him but it's very addictive and hard to resist. Now more than ever he has to step up to save the world from a hideous plot involving the magical island Demonreach and the secrets held there.If you thought Harry was tough and powerful before as a young wizard, he has grown even stronger and tougher. Which he'll need to be to defeat the plan wrought by the beings called the Outsiders that has been planted in the very heart of Faerie and will destroy Chicago and unleash untold evil into the world. There are some very creative scenes such as when Harry is attacked by a band of miniature fae and a great scene where Harry becomes part of the Wild Hunt. Harry has rounded up all his old friends to help including Molly, Thomas, Murphy, Toot-Toot and his pizza loving troupe and Mouse the temple dog and it is good to see they are still loyal to him despite what he has become. This is a complex plot with an ending signalling even more changes in the future and a major battle still to come. It ties together some of the past events and it's hard to imagine how the evil and magic could ramp up any further in the future but it will be exciting to see where the series goes. Show more"", ""Another great book in the Dresden series! Harry Dresden and his gang of misfits just keep getting better with each book!All of the plot twists with Winter and Summer made this book fantastic. The last 30% of the book was nonstop action and I just kept frantically turning the pages. There are so many unanswered questions with the way this book ends and of course I'll be reading the next one in the series. Butcher does it again!Show more"", 'WOW. WOW, BUTCHER, WOW!!!!Just like the end of ""Changes,"" things are upended yet again in the last 50 pages of this novel.Just when I thought I couldn\'t love the Dresden Files any more than I already did, this book comes along and WOW.Going straight into Skin Game, I think, and then the long, terrible wait for the next book.PS-- I friggin\' love Toot Toot.Show more', ""::EDIT:: 12/01/12 -- NAILED IT!!! WowWowWowWow! Yeah, yeah. I didn't like book #13 (Ghost Story), but I love this series and its characters. I'll give it a chance. I got some push-back that I just didn't like change. I like change. That's been one of the great things about this series. It plays out over time. It's been 12 years since the first book and it's been 12 years since those events have happened to Harry. He and most all of the main supporting cast have changed and grown. Not always for the best, but they have changed. I just felt that it was kind of a cheap trick and cheap way to shake up the series and boost its sales. I thought it insulted me as a fan and Butcher's characters. I don't mind big events happening, I don't even mind when a book mind-f@@ks me, as long as it serves a logical and greater purpose. As long as it makes sense. I can still like the series and still enjoy the books after it. I just didn't like what the author did with that installment. I don't think it caused Mr. Butcher any sleepless nights. ;)Show more"", 'I liked having Harry back on this side of the veil, but I was so-so about the rest of Cold Days, the latest entry in The Dresden Files.Man. Being mostly dead is hard on a guy. pg 11, ebook.Harry Dresden, wizard for hire, is now the Winter Knight after a series of misadventures and serious adventures in the past couple of books. And the position isn\'t very much fun.The winter fae are hardcore. They\'re mean, full of tricks and generally happy to kill without consideration for any consequences. So you can see how poorly Harry is going to fit in.Queen Mab, his new boss, is smart and dangerous. She also has a lot of pans in the fire that the reader isn\'t necessarily aware of until later in the book. But, being that it\'s the freaking Queen of the Winter Fae, maybe I should have expected more backstabby things.""Oh, the Sidhe\'s influence had been waning as the Industrial Age gathered steam,"" I said. ""By making sure the tales kept being told to mortal children, she made sure that she and her folk were never forgotten."" pg 28I didn\'t like Harry\'s character development as much in this book. It seems like much of his choice and free will was taken away when he took up the ""mantle"" of the Winter Knight. I\'m not sure that my feeling is fair though. How much choice did he have when he was under the thumb of the White Council? Or being manipulated by the Red Court, etc.See, that\'s the tragedy of the human condition. No one wants to be corrupted by power when they set out to get it. They have good, even noble reasons for doing whatever it is they do. They don\'t want to misuse it, they don\'t want to abuse it, and they don\'t want to become vicious monsters. Good people, decent people, set out to take the high road, to pick up power without letting it change them or push them away from their ideals. pg 30Harry continues to use ""blast first, ask questions later"" but now he\'s got ammunition made out of ice in addition to fire and he isn\'t afraid to use it. His new job (and prior ghost experience) have driven some major wedges between Harry and his friends. I didn\'t like that we saw less of the minor characters, some of whom I\'ve grown quite fond of. Bob the Skull is the one that comes to mind first, but there were others.I\'m not entirely sure his relationship with Molly is ever going to be the same. The patchwork relationship fixes Harry makes with Karrin Murphy, Butters and Thomas are questionable. Overall, I just felt sad. Sometimes, we out grow our friends or they out grow us. I wanted Harry to be best of pals with those folks forever. Butters tore off a final piece of medical tape, stuck the end of the bandage down with it, and sighed. ""Yeah. Just try not to... well, move, or jump around, or do anything active, or touch anything dirty, or otherwise do anything else that I know you\'re going to do anyway in the next twenty-four hours."" pg 287That\'s not to say there aren\'t moments to enjoy in this book. There\'s still magic, danger and adventure. But I feel like things have certainly changed since a few books ago, and Jim Butcher hasn\'t necessarily recaptured the magic he conjured when his characters were racing to prevent the death of a little girl at the hands of Red Court vampires.Wizarding just isn\'t what it used to be. Not so many years ago, I\'d think it was a busy week if someone asked me to locate a lost dog or a wedding ring. It had been horribly boring. I\'d had lots and lots of free time. I hadn\'t been rich, but I\'d gotten to buy plenty of books to read, and I\'d never gone hungry. And no one had tried to kill me, or asked me to make a horrible choice. Not once. pg 457I\'m dragging my feet on picking up the next entry, Skin Game, because I read that it was the last that Butcher has finished, for now. There are plans in the works for another  book, Peace Talks but it isn\'t finished yet. I\'ve been burned by too many science fiction/fantasy writers like George R.R. Martin or Scott Lynch to expect that the next book will be finished any time in the near future.Butcher writes on his professional website that he\'s lost his dog, gotten a divorce, moved, been delayed in the construction of his new house and gotten engaged since the publication of the last book in the Dresden Files. That\'s a lot of change. I wonder if it will come through in his writing...Maybe I\'m mourning the loss of Harry Dresden before the series even ends? The ending seems to be there or at least coming towards us, on the horizon. In addition to the approaching end, I feel like the quality of writing in the books isn\'t as good as it was, even a few books ago, when Butcher almost blew up the world he had created with the awfulness that went on between Harry and Molly.Anyway, of course I will read the next book. Maybe over the holidays, which are swiftly approaching.In conclusion, I wish Cold Days was more whimsical like the first books in the series or action-packed like some of the last. Because it seems to exist in this middling reality where Harry can\'t do anything right and seems to be losing friends faster than he\'s making them, all the while spinning his wheels on ice and being manipulated by others who are far more powerful and inventive than he will ever be.Show more', 'Check out my blogs for more reviews and book stuff: http://ramblingsofabookworm3.blogspot...http://ramblings-of-a-bookworm.tumblr...\nDuring Reading:\nHow does Jim Butcher do it how HOW !!this book is so goooooood!!\nPre-Reading:\nCover\'s out, cover\'s out, COVER\'S OUT!!!(Composing my self)..is it just me or does Harry look like Tony Stark in this?i think Jim is trying to send us a message maybe Harry is also ""IRON MAN""but he can\'t be Iron Man because he can\'t go near machinery but maybeee... that\'s what he want\'s us to think ..Don\'t mind me i am just rambling here..Edit:Sample chapters of coldays 1 and 2 are out!http://www.jim-butcher.com/books/dres...3 is out too Show more', ""Now this is where the series gets good. Perhaps that seems less like a compliment than I mean it since this is book 14, but something changes here. Whereas previous instalments had some signs/hints/promises of the grand scale of the fight that's coming, this one kicks it up a notch. Perhaps at times it stretches the boundary beyond what's been said/done before, but Butcher has been playing fast and loose with the overarching narrative right from the beginning. To me, it's always felt like he's been winging it and only now has decided on what's actually going to take this sucker right to the finale. It makes for a more explosive read, with more action, more emotion, more more more. Harry's even grown up a bit, a little extra self-reflection, a lot less doing stupid shit--perhaps a genuinely world ending plot line will do that to you. HOWEVER:1) Where the fuck is Mister?2) Cat Sith. Why.Show more"", ""This series is probably my most treasured set of books. I love these books, every single one of them, but my favorites were Dead Beat and Changes.I'm not going to hope that Jim Butcher hurries. I want him to take his time and write it how he wants. But there are times I do wish I could skip ahead to when the book is released and start reading it already! :)Show more"", 'Harry Dresden, formidable wizard/private investigator, is all that stands between Chicago and disaster from the “Never-Never.” It has always been thus (*since Harry came to town) and this is now novel #14. When it comes to urban fantasy, I am all-in with Harry Dresden. I like the venue and I like the characters and I am very impressed with how Butcher has built this shadow world beyond and between the familiar aspects of that city.Harry is again corporeal, no longer a ghost, and he is the Winter Knight (If you don’t know what those things refer to, perhaps #14 isn’t the best place to start.). Even for a devoted reader this is a confounding and nebulous novel. We have some of the most detailed and imaginative descriptions of the “worlds of fairie” that I have ever read. Yet, the plot as it exists is so loose that it is nothing more than a vehicle for Butcher’s indulgence in shock and awe. Something is missing at the core of this novel.I was left feeling much as Harry expresses: “…I could feel a horrible, hopeless weight settling across my heart. Dammit, hadn’t I been through enough? More than enough? Hadn’t my life handed me enough misery and grief and pain and loneliness already? And now, I was going to be up against something else, something new and scary, something that came galumphing at me by legion, no less. What was the point? No matter what I did, no matter how much stronger or smarter or better connected I got, the bad guys just kept getting bigger and stronger and more numerous…” Have I made the same mistake that afflicts Harry? Have I been less perceptive, less critical than I should have been? No, though tempted, I won’t quote Macbeth Act V, Scene, V. Jim Butcher is a bit self-indulgent here, but I see enough potential that I probably won’t turn my back on #15. 2.5*James Marsters narrates the audiobook and adds a great deal to the drama with his command of many voices.Cold Days was both read and listen to in the same time period.Show more', ""Executive Summary: If you read The Dresden Files and haven't read/started this book, why not? If you're on earlier book..hurry up!If you don't read the Dresden Files? Why are you reading this? Go get Storm Front right now, so you can start catching up!Seriously, I'm just amazed at the way Mr. Butcher has evolved this series over the years, still going incredibly strong with the 14th book in the series. This has easily been my favorite series since I discovered it a few years ago.Audio Book: I'm so glad to have James Marsters back for this book. He puts so much emotion into his reading. When Harry casts a fire spell Mr. Marsters snarls Fuego rather than just reading it. I also really enjoyed his voices for the new characters as well.\nFull Review\nI've eagerly been awaiting this book since finishing Ghost Story last summer. I found that book to be a little bit of a fall of from Changes, but I just credited that to just how great Changes. I really thought it was going to be hard for Mr. Butcher to top it, but somehow he did.I found myself deep into the book wondering how Harry/Mr. Butcher was going to work things out. Of the course of the 14 books thing have evolved in a way I never expected.This books answers many questions I had, including things I had hoped would have been in Ghost Story but weren't.I don't like to include spoilers in my reviews but there are a few minor things I'll hit on (while leaving all the really HUGE developments unsaid).I really loved some of the new characters introduced in this novel in particular Kringle and Lacuna. I hope to see them return in the next novel. And without giving any details, it was awesome to learn more about Demonreach.I'm torn on the idea of Mr. Butcher taking time away from Harry to write a new Steampunk series. On the one hand I'm not really excited by the idea of steampunk as others seem to be. On the other hand, I've been hoping for another series ever since he put out First Lord's Fury finishing up Codex Alera. Not to mention as I joked with my friends, I'd read Twilight Fan Fiction if Jim Butcher was writing it.Either way I hope Mr. Butcher doesn't make us wait too long for book 15, as each of the last few books has taken longer than the year between the year or less timeframe he spoiled us all with for awhile.Show more"", ""The Dresden Files by Jim Butcher is one of my all time favorite series. I have no clue why I put off reading Cold Days for so long because it was an absolutely fantastic return to Harry's Chicago (and the Nevernever) - I actually had to give myself a bit of a refresher. Anyway, Harry and company have gone through some pretty major changes, but they're all in top form even if they've changed a bit along the way. As awesome as all the action, magic, sense of humor, and mystery are, the characters are totally what make this series and that's no different here - it's a pleasure to see how much everyone, especially Harry, has grown over the course of the series. In this case, Harry's taken on the mantle of the Winter Knight and the stakes have never been higher. After that gut-punch of an ending, it's time to jump into Skin Game! Here's to hoping Michael Carpenter will be back for the next round, and we'll get to see Maggie.Show more"", 'I read this book to fill the Supernatural square of my 2018 Halloween Bingo card.The difficult we do right away—the impossible takes a little longer.But only a little, because Harry Dresden’s impossible tasks always seem to come with a deadline. Truly, if he doesn’t come through, lots of people will be dead.Harry is now Mab’s Winter Knight and he’s learning why the last guy to hold the role was the jerk that he was. But like all good urban fantasy heroes, Harry has a whole gang of good folks (with various abilities and powers) who will walk into hell with him and he’s also pretty good at forging alliances across the aisle with some on the opposing side (or do they just think they’re on the opposing side?)How appropriate to be reading a book called Cold Days when the sky was trying it’s best to snow on us! Cuddling up in a fuzzy blanket and reading the further adventures of Harry Dresden just seemed like the best thing to do!Show more', '\n*********Gushing review alert**********\nSo good, so very good. I honestly don\'t even have the words.Whenever I lose my faith in books, whenever I think there are no original stories left to tell, all I have to do is look to The Dresden Files. These books are everything. I\'m not exaggerating when I say that these audiobooks have changed my life. I dream of these characters. I hear their voices in my head. I find myself grumbling, ""EMPTY NIGHT!"" when I\'m mad. James Marsters has changed my life. Jim Butcher has changed me. There is no point discussing plot or pros and cons this far into the series. Either you are in it or your not. The plot is way too complex to describe now. Let\'s just say a lot of people die, a lot of people get hurt, and all hell breaks loose. I always think that there is NO WAY that Harry can save the day, and Jim Butcher figures out a way to make it all come together in a manner that makes sense. Jim Butcher is simply brilliant. I will continue to shell out the big bucks for this series because it is worth every stinking penny. Show more', 'What a great way to kick off Fathers Day! Working in our flower garden under a warm sun and perfectly blue skies while listening to the last few fantastic hours of Cold Days! Priceless. ☀️ Butcher returns to the brilliant form I have grown to love in this installment! Unfortunately I snoozed through most of Ghost Story (book 13). Yeah, I get that one is beloved by many, but not THIS guy 🙋🏻\u200d♂️🤦🏻\u200d♂️. Luckily for me, my Dresden senses were once again awakened while experiencing Cold Days. I feel like lately I have been throwing around five star reviews way too liberally but trust me, Cold Days is definitely a five star Dresden book. Mab is fab in this one along with almost all of the other major Fae world characters. And a new friend for Toot (Lacuna) is introduced who stole my heart. The voice work done by James Marsters on the audible book for this character is worth the price of admission 🥰. I love Harry’s core support system of friends and almost all of them are here again. Something I missed tremendously in Ghost Story.Somehow the stakes just keep getting higher and more intense. Butcher has paced that part of the series SO WELL!An absolutely stunning and superb ending on this one! Which moved me onwards and upwards immediately to purchase the audible for book 15 - Skin Game 😄. ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️Show more', 'Dresden has jumped the shark. It\'s fallen into the trap that so many supernatural procedurals do - progressively and exponentially overpowered characters, steadily expanding retinue into a cast of thousands, and increasingly ludicrous enemies and plots in order for the overpowered character to have a ""believable"" adversary. It\'s no longer a loner-solves-a-case series, it\'s an EPIC BATTLE FOR ALL OF EXISTENCE! EVERY BOOK! series. Which is not inherently bad, but it\'s a very different beast and it handles differently. I felt like the jokes were very forced in this one, as well. And then there was what really pissed me off about this book. Suddenly, Harry - who I will admit has never been brilliant about not being a sexist dick, but was not so bad after the first couple of books - is suddenly all, ""A woman! Rape rape rape! I could totally rape you! Right now! I\'d love to! But I won\'t because I am a Good Guy, and you should give me many cookies for that."" It happened every single time a woman is on the page, with the exception of Lacuna (who still has a paragraph devoted to her hotness) and Murphy, who he\'d rather kill, apparently. Oh, and Mab, but he\'s already slept with her, so. It was extremely off putting, as was the fact that the first thing Harry says about every single female character is how hot she is. ALL OF THEM. AAAAARRRRG. Dude is seriously disturbing. I\'m making someone else read the next one first so I know how much skeeve I have to brace for. I predict that things with Molly go from ""iiiiick, creepy"" to ""oh no you didn\'t"". Show more', 'Hells Bells count: 35Sometimes I wonder how much Jim Butcher had planned in advance. I mean, this is book number fourteen of a series that\'s been going for twelve years. Whether he\'s got a giant, intricate plot map pinned up along the walls of his writing office or he\'s making things up as they go along, I\'m impressed. As we get further into the exciting life and times of Harry Dresden, one thing that is clear is that the series has always been moving in a very clear direction, and that the things that came before are what inform the things that come later. Jim Butcher is not a wasteful author, and that gives him the ability to do a lot of really impressive things.As we open this story, Harry Dresden is no longer dead. He was, sort of, and had all kinds of grand fun as a ghost, but now he\'s alive and it\'s time for him to start paying off the debts that he incurred in the process of dying. The first of these debts is to Mab, the great and terrible queen of the Winter Faerie.Many, many books ago, Mab offered Harry the position of the Winter Knight - a mortal who would be the strong arm of the queen. He would be her sword, to strike where she pointed. Harry refused until he could refuse no longer, taking on that mantle in exchange for the power that would allow him to rid the world of the Red Court of vampires. And as much fun as vampire genocide is, that\'s not really his job anymore. Now that he\'s alive again and under no other obligations, Mab has a purpose for him. At its face, it is a terrible purpose, one that makes no sense and yet which Harry is obligated to fulfill.On the other hand, there is Demonreach. Mab\'s partner in keeping Harry Dresden\'s body... let\'s say viable while he was away as a ghost, Demonreach is the spirit of an island in the middle of Lake Michigan. This island isn\'t on any maps, and it\'s devilishly hard to find, but it represents a huge well of magical and spiritual power. This island needs Harry Dresden in order to do its duty. Demonreach is not just an obscure Brigadoon that enjoys hiding from the eyes of the unworthy - it is a guardian against powers that would ravage the world. If it is going to maintain its control and keep the peace, it needs Harry Dresden.While all this is going on, we learn of a new force that is at play in the world. This is rather in keeping with the way the Dresden Files books have worked thus far. Every so often, our point of view is changed, and our field of vision is expanded. Way back in Storm Front, Harry Dresden was a small-time wizard investigator, not well-loved in the wizarding community but good at what he did, and that was pretty much all we saw. As the series progressed, we discovered more about the White Council of Wizards, the three Courts of Vampires, about the ever-feuding faerie realms of Winter and Summer. We went on to discover angels and demons and things that walked between them, ghosts and goblins and creatures that were just barely understandable by our mortal minds.Now we take another step back, out beyond the borders of our reality as we know it. Outside our universe, there are... things. And those things want in. Why they want in is not really understood. Maybe this universe is more hospitable, maybe they\'re just bored. All we know is that to let them in is to let reality as we know it die. That\'s bad enough, but what is worse is the knowledge that some of them are already here. They\'ve snuck under the walls, so to speak, and are carefully and busily undermining our defenses. In a game that is so intricate and dangerous, these things use great powers as pawns - including Harry Dresden - and look forward to their inevitable victory.As with so many of the other Dresden Files books, this is a solid read, and you\'ll fly right through it. Despite being vast in scope, encompassing the fate of the world as we know it, the book is still very personal, letting us follow Harry along the strange, winding path he has to walk whether he likes it or not. Harry has always been a dangerous guy to know, but now that he\'s the Winter Knight, that danger is even greater. There are forces arrayed against him that he wouldn\'t be able to understand even if he knew what they were, and simply being the Winter Knight is a challenge unto itself. Taking up that position doesn\'t just come with awesome new powers and a direct line to some of the most powerful creatures in creation – not without a price. There are obligations as well. Rules and requirements. And, of course, dangers.When he\'s done, he\'ll have more answers, and he\'ll have more problems. Whatever comes next, we can be sure it will be even bigger and scarier than what has come before, and it\'ll be a treat to see how he manages to beat it.------""I kept a straight face while my inner Neanderthal spluttered and then went on a mental rampage through a hypothetical produce section, knocking over shelves and spattering fruit everywhere in sheer frustration, screaming, \'JUST TELL ME WHOSE SKULL TO CRACK WITH MY CLUB, DAMMIT!\'""- Harry DresdenShow more', 'Another great Dresden book that puts our cast through even more crap, they get put through a lot. This was a lot like Summer Knight in many ways except better in every aspect. The are certainly more cold days to come.', 'টানা তিন দিন কাজকর্ম সব শিকেয় তুলে দিনরাত কম্বলমুড়ি দিয়ে হাতে ট্যাব নিয়ে গড়াগড়ি খেতে খেতে হিম শীতের মাঝে একদম মানানসই নামের একটি ইবুক ধুমিয়ে পড়ে শেষ করলাম গতকাল: দ্য ড্রেসডেন ফাইলস সিরিজের ১৪ নম্বর উপন্যাস কোল্ড ডেইজ। নতুন করে অতিমাত্রিক বিশেষণে বিশেষায়িত করার মত আমার স্টকে আর কিছু নেই, শুধু বলতে পারি বইটা নিঃসন্দেহে সিরিজের অন্যতম শ্রেষ্ঠ কাহিনী (মন্তব্যটা মনে হয় রিসেন্টলি শেষ করা সিরিজের অন্যান্য বইগুলোর ব্যাপারেও করতে হয়েছে)। যেমন টানটান উত্তেজনার শ্বাসরুদ্ধকর রোমাঞ্চ, তেমনি মাইন্ডব্লোয়িং অ্যাকশন-প্যাকড, প্লটের চতুর্দিকে জমজমাট রহস্য আর চক্রান্তের বিভ্রান্তিকর জাল, সেই সাথে নিখাঁদ রক্তগরম করা এপিকনেসের দিক থেকে যেন মাত্রাই ছাড়িয়ে যাওয়া, ড্রেসডেনের ভাষায় যাকে বলে ""Hells bells!!""। ...আর অবশেষে, অ-ব-শে-ষে মনে হয় সিরিজের প্রকৃত ভিলেন ও তাদের মূল পরিকল্পনা নিয়ে একটা মোটামুটি ধারণা পাওয়া গেল, বিগ পিকচারটা আসলে ঠিক কী রকম সেটার। একটা সিরিজের ১৪ নম্বর (!) বইতে এসে যদি বলতে হয় ভিলেন ও তাদের আল্টিমেট প্ল্যান কী সেটা জানা তো দূর, মাত্রই শুধু একটু আইডিয়া পেলাম কী হতে পারে, তখন সবাই বুঝতেই পারছেন লেখক জিম বুচার কোন লেভেলের হরলিক্স খাওয়া সাইকো-জিনিয়াস! সিরিজের এত দূর এসেও বুঝতে পারছি কেবলই অর্ধেক পথটুকু পাড়ি দিলাম, এখনো অ-নে-ক যাওয়া বাকি (বুচার আগেই বলে রেখেছেন টোটাল ২৩-২৪টা বইয়ে কাহিনী শেষ হতে পারে, যার মধ্যে ২০-২১টা হবে ড্রেসডেন কেইস ফাইলস, এবং শেষের ৩টা হবে ফাইনাল অ্যাপোক্যালিপ্টিক ট্রিলজি)। অবশ্য এতে বরং আমি কিছু আশান্বিত হচ্ছি যে একবছরের ওপর ড্রেসডেনের জাদুকরী জগতে মোহমুগ্ধের মত ডুবে থেকেও এখনো সময় শেষ হয়ে যায়নি, বরং আগত বছরগুলোতে সিরিজের নতুন নতুন সব দূর্ধর্ষ থেকে দূর্ধর্ষতর জাদুকরী রোমাঞ্চোপন্যাস বুচারের কাছ থেকে উপহার পাব। যেহেতু সিরিজটা পুরোপুরি কন্টিনুয়াস কাহিনীর, আর বিভিন্ন প্লট ও ঘটনাবলীর সামান্যতম উল্লেখও আগের বইগুলো না পড়া পাঠকদের জন্য ভয়াবহ স্পয়লার হিসেবে কাজ করবে, তাই আমি বইয়ের কোন কিছু নিয়ে একেবারেই আলোচনা করছি না। শুধু এতটুকু গ্যারান্টি দিয়ে বলতে পারি: রহস্য-রোমাঞ্চ ও ম্যাজিক-ফ্যান্টাসিপ্রিয় যে কারো এই অতুলনীয় অসাধারণ সিরিজটি পড়ে আশাহত হবার সম্ভাবনা নেই বললেই চলে। ইংরেজিও অতি সহজ, তাই যা থাকে কপালে ভেবে যেকোন রহস্য-রোমাঞ্চ-ফ্যান্টাসি ভক্ত সিরিজের প্রথম বই স্টর্ম ফ্রন্ট আজকেই হাতে তুলে নিতে পারে।Show more']"
820,Bitter Is the New Black,"This is the story of how a haughty former sorority girl went from having a household income of almost a quarter-million dollars to being evicted from a ghetto apartment... It's a modern Greek tragedy, as defined by Roger Dunkle in The Classical Origins of Western Culture: a story in which ""the central character, called a tragic protagonist or hero, suffers some serious misfortune which is not accidental and therefore meaningless, but is significant in that the misfortune is logically connected.""In other words? The bitch had it coming.",2006,Jen Lancaster,4339,49577,400,Chick Lit,3.87,[]
821,Empire of Storms,"This is a previously published edition of ISBN 9781619636071. An alternative cover edition for this ISBN can be found here.Kingdoms will collide.The long path to the throne has only just begun for Aelin Galathynius as war looms on the horizon. Loyalties have been broken and bought, friends have been lost and gained, and those who possess magic find themselves at odds with those who don't.With her heart sworn to the warrior-prince by her side, and her fealty pledged to the people she is determined to save, Aelin will delve into the depths of her power to protect those she loves. But as monsters emerge from the horrors of the past, and dark forces become poised to claim her world, the only chance for salvation will lie in a desperate quest that may mark the end of everything Aelin holds dear.In this breathtaking fifth installment of the New York Times bestselling Throne of Glass series, Aelin will have to choose what—and who—to sacrifice if she's to keep the world of Erilea from breaking apart.",2016,Sarah J. Maas,31845,388860,689,Fantasy,4.57,[]
822,When Will There Be Good News?,"Three lives come together in unexpected and thrilling ways in Kate Atkinson's When Will There Be Good News?On a hot summer day, Joanna Mason's family slowly wanders home along a country lane. A moment later, Joanna's life is changed forever...On a dark night thirty years later, ex-detective Jackson Brodie finds himself on a train that is both crowded and late. Lost in his thoughts, he suddenly hears a shocking sound...At the end of a long day, 16-year-old Reggie is looking forward to watching a little TV. Then a terrifying noise shatters her peaceful evening. Luckily, Reggie makes it a point to be prepared for an emergency...These three lives come together in unexpected and deeply thrilling ways in the latest novel from Kate Atkinson, the critically acclaimed author who Harlan Coben calls ""an absolute must-read.""",2008,Kate Atkinson,3811,44832,400,Mystery,4.00,[]
823,La carte et le territoire,"Si Jed Martin, le personnage principal de ce roman, devait vous en raconter l’histoire, il commencerait peut-être par vous parler d’une panne de chauffe-eau, un certain 15 décembre. Ou de son père, architecte connu et engagé, avec qui il passa seul de nombreux réveillons de Noël.Il évoquerait certainement Olga, une très jolie Russe rencontrée au début de sa carrière, lors d’une première exposition de son travail photographique à partir de cartes routières Michelin. C’était avant que le succès mondial n’arrive avec la série des « métiers », ces portraits de personnalités de tous milieux (dont l’écrivain Michel Houellebecq), saisis dans l’exercice de leur profession.Il devrait dire aussi comment il aida le commissaire Jasselin à élucider une atroce affaire criminelle, dont la terrifiante mise en scène marqua durablement les équipes de police.Sur la fin de sa vie il accédera à une certaine sérénité, et n’émettra plus que des murmures.L’art, l’argent, l’amour, le rapport au père, la mort, le travail, la France devenue un paradis touristique sont quelques-uns des thèmes de ce roman, résolument classique et ouvertement moderne.",2010,Michel Houellebecq,1338,19709,428,Fiction,3.95,[]
824,Any Human Heart,"Logan Gonzago Mountstuart, writer, was born in 1906, and died of a heart attack on October 5, 1991, aged 85. William Boyd's novel Any Human Heart is his disjointed autobiography, a massive tome chronicling ""my personal rollercoaster""--or rather, ""not so much a rollercoaster"", but a yo-yo, ""a jerking spinning toy in the hands of a maladroit child."" From his early childhood in Montevideo, son of an English corned beef executive and his Uraguayan secretary, through his years at a Norfolk public school and Oxford, Mountstuart traces his haphazard development as a writer. Early and easy success is succeeded by a long half-century of mediocrity, disappointments and setbacks, both personal and professional, leading him to multiple failed marriages, internment, alcoholism, and abject poverty.Mountstuart's sorry tale is also the story of a British way of life in inexorable decline, as his journey takes in the Bloomsbury set, the General Strike, the Spanish Civil War, 1930s Americans in Paris, wartime espionage, New York avant garde art, even the Baader-Meinhof gang--all with a stellar supporting cast. The most sustained and best moment comes mid-book, as Mountstuart gets caught up in one of Britain's murkier wartime secrets, in the company of the here truly despicable Duke and Duchess of Windsor. Elsewhere Boyd occasionally misplaces his tongue too obviously in his cheek--the Wall Street Crash is trailed with truly crashing inelegance--but overall Any Human Heart is a witty, inventive and ultimately moving novel. Boyd succeeds in conjuring not only a compelling 20th century but also, in the hapless Logan Mountstuart, an anti-hero who achieves something approaching passive greatness. --Alan Stewart, Amazon.co.uk",2002,William  Boyd,1830,20088,480,Fiction,4.28,[]
825,Olympos,"Librarian's Note: Alternate Edition with same isbn & isbn 13: January 2011THE EXTRAORDINARY AND MAGNIFICENT EPIC CONCLUSION TO THE HUGO AWARD-NOMINATED ILIUMBeneath the gaze of the gods, the mighty armies of Greece and Troy met in fierce and glorious combat, scrupulously following the text set forth in Homer's timeless narrative, but that was before twenty-first century scholar Thomas Hockenberry stirred the bloody brew, causing an enraged Achilles to join forces with his archenemy Hector and turn his murderous wrath on Zeus and the entire pantheon of divine manipulators; before the swift and terrible mechanical creatures that catered for centuries to the pitiful idle remnants of Earth's human race began massing in the millions, to exterminate rather than serve.And now all bets are off.",2005,Dan Simmons,700,18279,891,Science Fiction,3.95,[]
826,Twenties Girl,"Lara Lington has always had an overactive imagination, but suddenly that imagination seems to be in overdrive. Normal professional twenty-something young women don’t get visited by ghosts. Or do they?When the spirit of Lara’s great-aunt Sadie—a feisty, demanding girl with firm ideas about fashion, love, and the right way to dance—mysteriously appears, she has one request: Lara must find a missing necklace that had been in Sadie’s possession for more than seventy-five years, because Sadie cannot rest without it.Lara and Sadie make a hilarious sparring duo, and at first it seems as though they have nothing in common. But as the mission to find Sadie’s necklace leads to intrigue and a new romance for Lara, these very different “twenties” girls learn some surprising truths from and about each other. Written with all the irrepressible charm and humor that have made Sophie Kinsella’s books beloved by millions, Twenties Girl is also a deeply moving testament to the transcendent bonds of friendship and family.",2009,Sophie Kinsella,7563,163969,435,Chick Lit,3.85,[]
827,The Assassin's Blade,"Contains all five novellas.Celaena Sardothien is Adarlan's most feared assassin. As part of the Assassin's Guild, her allegiance is to her master, Arobynn Hamel, yet Celaena listens to no one and trusts only her fellow killer-for-hire, Sam. In these action-packed novellas - together in one edition for the first time - Celaena embarks on five daring missions. They take her from remote islands to hostile deserts, where she fights to liberate slaves and seeks to avenge the tyrannous. But she is acting against Arobynn's orders and could suffer an unimaginable punishment for such treachery. Will Celaena ever be truly free? Explore the dark underworld of this kick-ass heroine to find out.",2014,Sarah J. Maas,24962,294093,448,Fantasy,4.31,[]
828,Zeitoun,"The true story of one family, caught between America’s two biggest policy disasters: the war on terror and the response to Hurricane Katrina. Abdulrahman and Kathy Zeitoun run a house-painting business in New Orleans. In August of 2005, as Hurricane Katrina approaches, Kathy evacuates with their four young children, leaving Zeitoun to watch over the business. In the days following the storm he travels the city by canoe, feeding abandoned animals and helping elderly neighbors. Then, on September 6th, police officers armed with M-16s arrest Zeitoun in his home. Told with eloquence and compassion, Zeitoun is a riveting account of one family’s unthinkable struggle with forces beyond wind and water.",2009,Dave Eggers,7954,76935,342,Nonfiction,4.05,[]
829,The Unwords,"""There is nothing more dangerous...than a character with no author.""*This is the first edtition of The Unwords and it is now out of print. It was only available for a limited number of copies exclusively through the author's official website in 2012. The second edition was published in 2013 by Fearache Publishings and it's available worldwide through all major book retailers in paperback, hardcover, and available exclusively from Amazon in eBook format.*A nameless character. A faceless figure. A disturbing, thought-provoking journey through the facts of the world we live in that we often refuse to acknowledge. The Unwords take full advantage of their author's lack of identity and extreme levels of introspection as they unleash a full scale attack on all fronts of cultural and social decay. Education, religion, politics, language, relationships and common every day social activities are stripped down to their bare foundations and deconstructed through the eyes of a man who considers every act of deceit as an act of war against the people he loves. Poetic verse blends seamlessly with the arts in the form of full page illustrations to create a new, refreshing form of writing the author describes as “Graphic-verse.”Words are meant to be spoken. In a dishonest world, what remains unspoken can only be the truth. In a dishonest world......the pen is never mightier than the sword.",2013,Non Nomen,41,263,90,Poetry,3.63,[]
